{
    "code": "02", 
    "data": "بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ \nIn the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.\nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا نُوْرَ النُّوْرِ تَنَوَّرْتَ بِالنُّوْرِ وَالنُّوْرُ فِی نُوْرِ نُوْرِکَ یَا نُوْرُ \nO Allah! O the One Who makes the light Radiant! (Verily) You radiated Yourself through Your Light (entering the souls of the Faithful). O absolute Light! All lights are the result of the abundance of Your light. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا عَزِیْزُ تَعَزَّزْتَ بِالْعِزِّۃِ وَالْعِزَّۃُ فِی عِزَّۃِ عِزَّتِکَ یَا عَزِیْزُ \nO Allah! O the One Who controls all! Verily You are honoured because of Your (Divine) Honour. O the One Who grants honour to the creation! All honours are due to Your Honour.\nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا جَلِیْلُ تَجَلَّلْتَ بِالْجَلَالِ وَالْجَلَالُ فِیْ جَلَالِ جَلَالِکَ یَا جَلِیْلُ \nO Allah! O the owner of limitless greatness! You are Great through Your own greatness (There is no doubt in it). O greater than all greats! All greatnesses are owing to Your greatness. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا وَہَّابُ تَوَہَّبْتَ بِالْہِبَۃِ وَالْہِبَۃُ فِیْ ہِبَۃِ ہِبَتِکَ یَا وَہَّابُ \nO Allah! O the One Who alone is worthy of worship! O the Bestower! Only You have (truely) bestowed favours on the creation, and O Favourer Lord! All these favours are because of Your favour. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا عَظِیْمُ تَعَظَّمْتَ بِالْعَظَمَۃِ وَالْعَظَمَۃُ فِیْ عَظَمَۃِ عَظَمَتِکَ یَا عَظِیْمُ \nO Allah! O the owner of real greatness and grandeur! Only You are the possessor of true gtraetness and all the greatnesses of the peopole of the world are, O the Great!, due to Your greatness. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا عِلِیْمُ تَعَلَّمْتَ بِالْعِلْمِ وَالْعِلْمُ فِیْ عِلْمِ عِلْمِکَ یَا عَلِیْمُ \nO Allah! O the possessor of limitless knowledge! The sciences of all the scholars are but tiny reflections of Your attribute of omniscience as only Your knowledger is absolute knowledge. O the One Who is aware (of the wholes and parts). \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا قُدُّوْسُ تَقَدَّسْتَ بِالْقُدْسِ وَالْقُدْسُ فِی قُدْسِ قُدْسِکَ یَا قُدُّوْسُ \nO Allah! O Holy Lord! (Doubtlessly) You are Holy through Your own holiness and all the holinesses are the result of Your holiness. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا جَمِیْلُ تَجَمَّلْتَ بِالْجِمَالِ وَالْجَمَالُ فِیْ جَمَالِ جَمَالِکَ یَا جَمِیْلُ \nO Allah! O the One Who is beautiful through Your own beauty! You alone is beautiful by Your own virtue of beauty. All the things beautuiful are beautiful only as a consequence of the reflection of Your beauty. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا سَلَامُ تَسَلَّمْتَ بِالسَّلَامِ وَالسَّلَامُ فِیْ سَلَامِ سَلَامِکَ یَا سَلَامُ \nO Allah! O the provider of protection and salvation! You are the possessor of self-protection and all these safeties are as a result of Your virtue of safety. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا صَبُوْرُ تَصَبَّرْتَ بِالصَّبْرِ وَالصَّبْرُ فِیْ صَبْرِ صَبْرِکَ یَا صَبُوْرُ \nO Allah! O the One Who is patient and Who makes delay in punishing the sinners! You alone are truly patient and all these instances of patience are the reflections of Your patience. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا مَلِیْکُ تَمَلَّکْتَ بِالْمَلَکُوْتِ وَالْمَلَکُوْتُ فِیْ مَلَکُوْتِ مَلَکُوْتِ وَالْمَلَکُوْتُ فِیْ مَلَکُوْتِ مَلَکُوْتِکَ یَا مَلِیْکُ \nO Allah! O the owner of the kingdom of the entire creation! Only in Your hands is the real reins of kingdom and all the kingdoms have been granted only by You. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا رَبُّ تَرَبَّیْتَ بِالرَّبُوْبِیَّۃِ وَالرَّبُوْبِیَّۃُ فِیْ رَبُوْبِیَّۃِ رَبُوْبِیَّتِکَ یَا رَبُّ \nO Allah! O the sustainer of the entire universe! Only You are the Sustainer because of Your own virtue of Lordship. All nourishments are due to Your nourishment. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا مَنَّانُ تَمَنَّنْتَ بِالْمِنَّۃِ وَالْمِنَّۃُ فِیْ مِنَّۃِ مِنَّتِکَ یَا مَنَّانُ \nO Allah! O the One Who favours limitlessly! You alone deserve the showering of favours. All the favours shown by the crreation are only the consequence of Your favours. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا حَکِیْمُ تَحَکَّمْتَ بِالْحِکْمَۃِ وَالْحِکْمَۃُ فِیْ حِکْمَۃِ حِکْمَتِکَ یَا حَکِیْمُ \nO Allah! O the Wise! All of your commandments are full of wisdom. Every one of Your actions are sound through wisdom. All wisdoms are owing to Your wisdom. O Absolute Intelligence! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا حَمِیْدُ تَحَمَّدْتَّ بِالْحَمْدِ وَالْحَمْدُ فِیْ حَمْدِ حَمْدِکَ یَا حَمِیْدُ \nO Allah! O the One Who is worthy of all praise! You are praiseworthy due to Your personal virtues and all the laudations are due to Your praiseworthiness. O the Entire Praise! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَاوَاحِدُ تَوَحَّدْتَّ بِالْوَحْدَانِیَّۃِ وَالْوَحْدَانِیَّۃُ فِیْ وَحْدَانِیَّۃِ وَحْدَانِیَّتِکَ یَا وَاحِدُ \nO Allah! O the One Who has no partner! You alone, due to Your virtue of being one, the only ruler of the entire creation. No doubt, every uniqueness is nothing compared to Your attribute of being Only One God. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا فَرْدُ تَفَرَّدْتَّ بِالْفَرْدَانِیَّۃِ وَ الْفَرْدانِیَّۃُ فِیْ فَرْدَانِیَّۃِ فَرْدَانِیَّتِکَ یَا فَرْدُ \nO Allah! O the Unique. One Who has no likeliness. Verily, You remained the only One due to Your unity and the uniquemesses of all the creation are the samples of Your uniqueness. O the One and the Unique! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا حَلِیْمُ تَحَلَّمْتَ بِالْحِلْمِ وَالْحِلْمُ فِیْ حِلْمِ حِلْمِکَ یَا حَلِیْمُ \nO the Forbearer! Only You are the forebearer because of your virtue of forebearance and all the good behaviours are because of Your virtue of forebearance. O the One Who is more patient than all patients! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا قَدِیْرُ تَقَدَّرْتَ بِالْقُدْرَۃِ وَالْقُدْرَۃُ فِیْ قُدْرَۃِ قُدْرَتِکَ یَا قَدِیْرُ \nO Allah! O the possessor of unlimited power! You are Absolute Power only because of Your attribue of Omnipotence. All powers and freedoms are the fruits of Your strength. O Absolute Power! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا قَدِیْمُ تَقَدَّمْتَ بِالْقِدَمِ وَالْقِدَمُ فِیْ قِدَمِ قِدَمِکَ یَا قَدِیْمُ \nO Allah! O the One Who is Everlasting! You are ancient and eternal because of your attribute of being eternal. All lastings are because of your eternity. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا شَاہِدُ تَشَہَّدْتَّ بِالشَّہَادَۃِ وَالشَّہَادَۃُ فِیْ شَہَادَۃِ شَہَادَتِکَ یَا شَاہِدُ \nO Allah! O the Testifier (of the prophethood of Muhammed)! Verily You are unique in Your attribute of testifying and the witness, being Your witness, is above all witnesses. O the Testifier! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا قَرِیْبُ تَقَرَّبْتَ بِالْقُرْبِ وَالْقُرْبُ فِیْ قُرْبِ قُرْبِکَ یَا قَرِیْبُ \nO Allah! O the One Who is near! O the One Who is nearer than the jugular vein! You are near due to the virtue of being near and every nearness is because of your nearness. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا نَصِیْرُ تَنَصَّرْتَ بِالنُّصْرَۃِ وَالنُّصْرَۃُ فِیْ نُصْرَۃِ نُصْرَتِکَ یَا نَصِیْرُ \nO Allah! O the One Who is everhelping in every circumstance! You help by the virtue of being the Helper. All helps are due to Your help. O the Best Helper! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا سَتَّارُ تَسَتَّرْتَ بِالسَّتْرِ وَالسَّتْرُ فِیْ سَتْرِ سَتْرِکَ یَا سَتَّارُ \nO Allah! O the One Who is hidden behind the veil of Oneness! And O the One Who hides the errors of sinners in the veil of Your Mercy! You are the Hider by virtue of being the hider and all hidings (like the hiding of the Qaem-e-Aal-e-Muhammad Imam Mehdi a.t.f.s.) are the examples of your veiling. O the Veiler! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا قَہَّارُ تَقَہَّرْتَ بِالْقَہْرِ وَالْقَہْرُ فِیْ قَہْرِ قَہْرِکَ یَا قَہَّارُ \nO Allah! O the One Who frowns upon the unbelievers and the hypocrites! You are the suppressor by virtue of Your being the crusher. All pressures and suppressions are becoming only to You. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا رَازِقُ تَرَزَّقْتَ بِالرِّزْقِ وَالرِّزْقُ فِیْ رِزْقِ رِزْقِکَ یَا رَزَّاقُ \nO Allah! O the One Who gives sustenance to the entire creation! You are the Sustainer by virtue of Your being the nourisher and all the nourishings are the samples of Your nourishment. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا خَالِقُ تَخَلَّقْتَ بِالْخَلْقِ وَالْخَلْقُ فِیْ خَلْقِ خَلْقِکَ یَا خَلَّاقُ \nO the giver of provision! O the Creator! You, by virtue of being the creator came into being to be the real creator of all, and all the created things are (in the matter of procreation) subservient to Your command. O Creator! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا فَتَّاحُ تَفَتَّحْتَ بِالْفَتْحِ وَالْفَتْحُ فِیْ فَتْحِ فَتْحِکَ یَا فَتَّاحُ \nO Allah! O the One Who resolves all problems to grant success by easing all hardships! You alone are the real Opener of the doors to success. There is no doubt that all the successes achieved by the creation are the result of the intelligence granted by You. O the Opener! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا رَفِیْعُ تَرَفَّعْتَ بِالرِّفْعَۃِ وَالرِّفْعَۃُ فِیْ رِفْعَۃِ رِفْعَتِکَ یَا رَفِیْعُ \nO Allah! O the One Who is High by virtue of Your Height. 0 Allah! O the One Who is higher than all highs! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا حَفِیْظُ تَحَفَّظْتَ بِالْحِفْظِ وَالْحِفْظُ فِیْ حِفْظِ حِفْظِکَ یَا حَفِیْظُ \nO Allah! O the Unique Protector! You alone are protected through Your own Protection and all protections are under Your protection. O Protector! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا فَاضِلُ تَفَضَّلْتَ بِالْفَضْلِ وَالْفَضْلُ فِیْ فَضْلِ فَضْلِکَ یَا فَاضِلُ \nO Allah! O the owner of self-perfection! Verily You are perfect by Yourself and the perfections and excellences of the creations are through Your excellence and perfection. O the Perfect and the excellent! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا وَاصِلُ تَوَصَّلْتَ بِالْوَصْلِ وَالْوَصْلُ فِیْ وَصْلِ وَصْلِکَ یَا وَاصِلُ \nO Allah! O the keeper and maintainer of the relation of love and affection! You Yourself have taught love and all these intimacies are the result of Your teaching. They are also for meeting You. O the Best gatherer! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا فَاعِلُ تَفَعَّلْتَ بِالْفِعْلِ وَالْفِعْلُ فِیْ فِعْلِ فِعْلِکَ یَا فَاعِلُ \nO the One Who does at will! Whatever You have done has been done by Your absolute will, and real authority and will is only Your authority and will and all authorities are the gifts of Your authority. O the One Who does whatever You want! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا فَارِضُ تَفَرَّضْتَ بِالْفَرْضِ وَالْفَرْضُ فِیْ فَرْضِ فَرْضِکَ یَا فَارِضُ \nO Allah! O the One Who has created this universe with measure and the real measure is only Your measure. All measures and plannings are grace of Your planning. O the Measurer! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا غَفَّارُ تَغَفَّرْتَ بِالْمَغْفِرَۃِ وَالْمَغْفِرَۃُ فِیْ مَغْفِرَۃِ مَغْفِرَتِکَ یَا غَفَّارُ \nO Allah! O the Forgiver of all big and small sins! It is only You Who forgives due to Your attribute of pardoninmg. As for the pardonings and forgivenesses of the creation, they are mere reflections of Your forgiveness. O Pardoner! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا جَبَّارُ تَجَبَّرْتَ بِالْجَبَرُوْتِ وَالْجَبَرُوْتُ فِیْ جَبَرُوْتِ جَبَرُوْتِکَ یَا جَبَّارُ \nO Allah! O the One Who joins the broken hearts and the dilapidated bones! In fact, such power is possessed only by You, and the joining and gatgering by the creations is but due to Your attribute of imposing Your Will. O Omnipotent! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا سَمِیْعُ تَسَمَّعْتَ بِالسَّمْعِ وَالسَّمْعُ فِیْ سَمْعِ سَمْعِکَ یَا سَمِیْعُ \nO Allah! O the One Who hears the voice of the weak and the ill (steps of an ant)! You hear by virtue of Your All-Hearingness. The hearing and answering of the creation is merely due to Your hearing and responding. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا کَبِیْرُ تَکَبَّرْتَ بِالْکِبْرِیَآءِ وَالْکِبْرِیَآءُ فِیْ کِبْرِیَآءِ کِبْرِیَآءِکَ یَا کَبِیْرُ \nO Allah! O the biggest Merciful and Beneficent! Only You are the owner of true greatness and all these greatnesses are existing and continuing only because of Your greatness. O the Greatest of all greats! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَاکَرِیْمُ تَکَرَّمْتَ بِالْکَرَمِ وَالْکَرَمُ فِیْ کَرَمِ کَرَمِکَ یَا کَرِیْمُ \nO Allah! O the One Who causes the rivers of kindness flow! (really generosity is only Your generosity) and all these generosities of the people are only the leftovers of only Your table ofgenerosity. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا رَحِیْمُ تَرَحَّمْتَ بِالرَّحْمَۃِ وَالرَّحْمُ فِیْ رَحْمِ رَحْمِکَ یَا رَحِیْمُ \nO Allah! O the One Who pities every one of Your sinful slaves! Verily You are kind and merciful only on the basis of Your attribute of pity and sympathy. All kindnesses are because of Your kindness and pitifulness. O Centre of Mercy! \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا مَجِیْدُ تَمَجَّدْتَّ بِالْمَجْدِ وَالْمَجْدُفِیْ مَجْدِ مَجْدِکَ یَا مَجِیْدُ \nO Allah! O the Owner of great Highness! (Reality is that) it is only Your height where even the bird of imagination cannot reach and the heights of these low ranking slaves are merely Your gifts. \nاَللّٰہُمَّ یَا مُجِیْبُ یَا اَللہُ یَا رَحْمٰنُ یَا رَحِیْمُ یَا حَیُّ یَا حَلِیْمُ یَا عَزِیْزُ یَا نُوْرَ النُّوْرِ یَا لآ اِلٰہَ اِلَّا ہُوَ عَلَیْہِ تَوَکَّلْتُ وَہُوَ رَبُّ الْعَرْشِ الْعَظِیْمِ \nO the Hearer of the cry of the inflicted! O Lord! O Merciful! O Beneficent! O Everliving! O the One Who is leninent in punishing! O Dominent over all O the One Who makes hearts radiant! O the One besides Whom there is no deity! I have alsorelied only on You, that is, on the Lord of the Great Throne. \nاَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰہِ الْوَہَّابِ سُبْحَانَ الْمَجِیْدِ سُبْحَانَ الصَّبْرِ سُبْحَانَ الْبَصِیْرِ \nAll praise is for the limitlessly forgiving God. We hallow only HIS Name Who is extremely Great. We hallow only Him Who shows patience and mercy in giving punishment. We halow Him Who sees each and every deed done by us. \nسُبْحَانَ الْمَانِعِ سُبْحَانَ الْقَیُّوْمِ سُبْحَانَ الْبَرِّ سُبْحَانَ الْمُعَافِیْ \nWe hallow Him Who has no partner and Who will save us from hell. We hallow Him Who protects the whole world. We hallow Him Who is Kind. We hallow Him Who will forgive us.\nسُبْحَانَ الْاَوَّلِ سُبْحَانَ الْمُعِزِّ سُبْحَانَ الظَاہِرِ سُبْحَانَ الشَّافِیْ \nWe hallow Him Who is older than oldness (ancientness). We hallow Him Who is the owner of honour and power. We hallow Him Whose existence is manifest to all We hallow Him Who cures the ill (gives health). \nسُبْحَانَ الْکَافِیْ سُبْحَانَ السَّلَامِ سُبْحَانَ الْمُؤْمِنِ سُبْحَانَ الْمُہَیْمِنِ \nWe hallow Him Who is sufficient for us all. We hallow Him Who provides safety to us. We hallow Him Who makes us Faithful. We hallow Him Who shelters us. \nسُبْحَانَ الْمُصَوِّرِ سُبْحَانَ النَّاصِرِ سُبْحَانَ الْوَاحِدِ سُبْحَانَ الْاَحَدِ \nWe hallow Him Who the best designer of faces. We hallow Him Who helps us. We hallow Him Who is absolutely unique. \nسُبْحَانَ الْفَرْدِ سُبْحَانَ الرَّحِیْمِ سُبْحَانَ الْمُؤَخِّرِ سُبْحَانَ الْمُقَدِّمِ \nWe hallow Him Who is like only Him (no one is like Him). We hallow Him Who showers mercy. We hallow Him Who holds us back from evils. We hallow Him Who leads us toward good. \nسُبْحَانَ الضَّآرِّ سُبْحَانَ النُّوْرِ سُبْحَانَ الْہَادِیْ سُبْحَانَ الْمُقَدِّرِ \nWe hallow Him Who causes harm. We hallow Him Who grants light. We hallow Him Who is absolute Guidance. We hallow Him Who is the Master of destiny. \nسُبْحَانَ الْجَلِیْلِ سُبْحَانَ الْمَجِیْدِ سُبْحَانَ الرَّقِیْبِ \nWe hallow Him Who is the Greatest. We hallow Him Who is High. We hallow Him Who watches the whole world. \nسُبْحَانَ اللہِ وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰہِ وَ لآ اِلٰہَ اِلَّا اللہُ وَاللہُ اَکْبَرُ \nWe hallow Him Who is Holy. His is the holy existence. All praise is for Allah. None besides Him is worthy of worship. So only Allah is the greatest of all. \nوَلَا حَوْلَ وَلَا قُوَّۃَ اِلَّا بِاللہِ الْعَلِیِّ الْعَظِیْمِ \nWhat is reality is that no one except the only One Allah has any power. Only He is High and Great. \nسُبْحَانَ مَنْ یَّشَآءُ بِقُدْرَتِہٖ وَ یَعْلَمُ مَا یُرِیْدُ بِعِزَّتِہٖ سُبْحَانَ اللہِ وَ بِحَمْدِہٖ \nWe hallow Him Who carries out His acts with His perfect power and Who imposes His command, with His particular strength. \nسُبْحَانَ ذِی الْعَرْشِ الْعَظِیْمِ وَالْہَیْبَۃِ وَالْقُدْرَۃِ وَالْکِبْرِیَآءِ وَالْجَبَرُوْتِ \nWe hallow him and praise Him Who is the master and owner of the high Throne. Awe, Power, Greatness and Pomp becomes only Him.\nسُبْحَانَ الْمَلِکِ الْمَقْصُوْدِ سُبْحَانَ الْمَلِکِ الْمَوْجُوْدِ سُبْحَانَ الْحَیِّ الْحَکِیْمِ \nWe hallow only Him Who is really the absolute Ruler Sovereign. We hallow only Him Who is the Lord of every thing existing. We hallow only Him Who is Ever-living and the Wise. \nسُبْحَانَ اللہِ تَوَکَّلْتُ عَلَی الْحَیِّ الَّذِیْ لَا یَمُوْتُ سُبُّوْحٌ قُدُّوْسٌ رَبُّ الْمَلآئِکَۃِ وَالرُّوْحِ \nWe hallow the only one Lord and rely on Him Who has no death at all. Only He deserves all praise and hallowing and He is Holy. He is the nourisher of all angels and the Trustworthy Gabriel (Jibraeel). \nلآ اِلٰہَ اِلَّا اللہُ وَحْدَہٗ لَا شَرِیْکَ لَہٗ لَہُ الْمُلْکُ وَلَہُ الْحَمْدُ وَہُوَ عَلٰی کُلِّ شَیْءٍ قَدِیْرٌ \nThere will never be any deity except Him. He is totally unique and only one. HE has no partnher. Entire kingdom is for Him alone. All praise is proven for Him. He dominates everything. \nیَا اَللہُ یَا رَحْمٰنُ یَا رَحِیْمُ یَا حَیّ یَا قَیُّوْمُ یَا ذَالْجَلَالِ وَالْاِکْرَامِ \nO Allah! O Beneficent! O Merciful! O Everliving! O Everlasting! O the possessor of grace and mercy!\nیَا نُوْرَ السَّمَوَاتِ وَالْاَرْضِ یَا لَا اِلٰہَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ عَلَیْکَ تَوَکَّلْتُ \nO Light of the heavens and the earth Who makes them bright! O the Being Who alone is the Merciful Lord! We have trusted only You.\nوَ اَنْتَ رَبُّ الْعَرْشِ الْعَظِیْمِ اَللّٰہُمَّ اغْفِرْلِیْ بِحُرْمَۃِ ہٰذِہِ الْاَسْمَآءِ \nYou alone are the nourisher of the Great Throne. O Allah! We seek intercession of Your Honour and Greatness. Forgive us just in the name of these holy names of Yours. \nوَاصْرِفْ عَنِّی الضَّرَّآءَ وَالْبَلآءَ وَالْہُمُوْمَ وَالْغُمُوْمَ وَ جَمِیْعَ الْاٰفَاتِ \nKeep all troubles and all calamities and anxieties and sorrows and all hardships away from us. O My Nourisher!\nوَ مِنْ اَوْلَادِیْ وَ اٰبَآئِیْ وَ اُمَّہَاتِیْ وَ اَقْرِبَآئِیْ وَ عَشِیْرَتِیْ \nProtect my family members (for the sake of Muhammad and his progeny) from all evils \nفَاِنَّ عَلَیْکَ فِیْ جَمِیْعِ الْاُمُوْرِ اعْتِمَادِیْ \nbecause, in all of my affairs I have relied only on You. \nوَالصَّلوٰۃُ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلٰی خَیْرِ خَلْقِہٖ مُحَمَدٍ وَ اٰلِہٖ اَجْمَعِیْنَ بِرَحْمَتِکَ یَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِیْنَ.\nO Allah! Shower safety and bounty on Your best creation, that is, Muhammed and his progeny, and on their pious offsprings, for the sake of Your perfect Mercy, O Allah! O Merciful! O Beneficent!\t\t\t\t\t\t\t    ", 
    "title": "Dua e Noor Kabir"
}