{
    "content": "The rites that are advisably practiced on the days of Ramadan are as follows:\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer that is mentioned by Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ هٰذَا شَهْرُ رَمَضَانَ الَّذِيْ اَنْزَلْتَ فِيْهِ الْقُرَاٰنَ هُدَىً لِلنَّاسِ وَبَيِّنَاتِ مِنَ الْهُدٰى وَالْفْرْقَانِ، وَهٰذَا شَهْرُ الصِّيَامِ، وَهٰذَا شَهْرُ الْقِيَامِ، وَهٰذَا شَهْرُ الْاِنَابَةِ، وَهٰذَا شَهْرُ التَّوْبَةِ، وَهٰذَا شَهْرُ الْمَغْفِرَةِ وَالرَّحْمَةِ، وَهٰذَا شَهْرُ الْعِتْقِ مِنَ النَّارِ وَالْفَوْزِ بِالْجَنَّةِ، وَهٰذَا شَهْرٌ فِيْهِ لَيْلَةُ الْقَدْرِ الَّتي هِيَ خَيْرٌ مِنْ اَلْفِ شَهْرٍ، اَللّٰهُمَّ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ واٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاَعِنِّي عَلٰى صِيَامِهِ وَقِيَامِهِ، وَسلِّمْهُ لِي وَسَلِّمْنِيْ فِيْهِ، وَاَعِنِّي عَلَيْهِ بِاَفْضَلِ عَوْنِكَ، وَوَفِّقْنِيْ فِيْهِ لِطَاعَتِكَ وَطَاعَةِ رَسُولِكَ واَوْلِيَآئِكَ صَلَّى اللهُ عَلَيْهِمْ، وَفَرِّغْنِي فِيْهِ لِعِبَادَتِكَ وَدُعَاۤئِكَ وَتِلَاوَةِ كِتَابِكَ، وَاَعْظِمْ لِيْ فِيْهِ الْبَرَكَةِ، وَاَحْسِنْ لِي فِيْهِ الْعَافِيَةَ، وَاَصِحَّ فِيْهِ بَدَنِيْ، وَاَوْسِعْ لِيْ فِيْهِ رِزْقِيْ، وَاكْفِنِيْ فِيْهِ مَآ اَهَمَّنِيْ وَاسْتَجِبْ فِيْهِ دُعَاۤئِي، وَبَلِّغْنِيْ رَجَاۤئِيْ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، واَذْهِبْ عَنِّي فِيْهِ النُّعَاسَ وَالْكَسَلَ وَالسَّامَةَ وَالْفَتْرَةَ وَالْقَسْوَةَ وَالْغَفْلَةَ وَالْغِرَّةَ، وَجَنِّبْنِيْ فِيْهِ الْعِلَلَ وَالْاَسْقَامَ وَالْهُمُوْمَ وَالْاَحْزَانَ وَالْاَعْرَاضَ وَالْاَمْرَاضَ وَالْخَطَايَا وَالذُّنُوْبَ، وَاصْرِفْ عَنِّيْ فِيْهِ السُّوْءَ وَالْفَحْشَاۤءَ وَالْجَهْدَ وَالْبَلَاۤءِ وَالتَّعَبَ وَالْعَنَاۤءَ اِنَّكَ سَمِيْعُ الدُّعَاۤءِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاَعِذْنِيْ فِيْهِ مِنَ الشَّيْطَانِ الرَّجِيْمِ وَهَمْزِهِ وَلَمْزِهِ وَنُفْثِهِ وَنُفْخِهِ وَوَسْوَسَتِهِ وَتَثْبِيْطِهِ وَبَطْشِهِ وَكَيْدِهِ وَمَكْرِهِ وَحَبَآئِلِهِ وَخُدَعِهِ وَاَمَانِيِّهِ وَغُرُوْرِهِ وَفِتْنَتِهِ وَشَرَكِهِ وَاَحْزَابِهِ وَاَتْبَاعِهِ واَشْيَاعِهِ وَاَوْلِيَآئِهِ وَشُرَكَآئِهِ وَجَمِيْعِ مَكَآئِدِهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَارْزُقْنَا قِيَامَهُ وَصِيَامَهُ وَبُلُوْغَ الْاَمَلِ فِيْهِ وَفِيْ قِيَامِهِ، وَاسْتِكْمَالَ مَا يُرْضِيْكَ عَنِّيْ صَبْرًا وَاحْتِسَابًا وَاِيْمَانًا وَيَقيْنًا، ثُمَّ تَقَبَّلْ ذٰلِكَ مِنِّيْ بِالْاَضْعَافِ الْكَثِيْرَةِ، وَالْاَجْرِ الْعَظيْمِ يَا رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَارْزُقْنِي الْحَجَّ وَالْعُمْرَةَ وَالْجَدَّ وَالْاِجْتِهَادَ وَالْقُوَّةَ وَالنَّشَاطَ وَالْاِنَابَةَ والتَّوْبَةَ وَلِلتَّوْفِيْقِ وَالْقُرْبَةَ وَالْخَيْرَ الْمَقْبُوْلَ وَالرَّغْبَةَ وَالرَّهْبَةَ وَالتَّضَرُّعَ وَالْخُشُوْعَ وَالرِّقَّةَ، وَالنِّيَّةَ الصَّادِقَهَ، وَصِدْقَ اللِّسَانِ، وَالْوَجَلَ مِنْكَ، وَالرَّجَاۤءَ لَكَ، وَالتَّوَكُّلَ عَلَيْكَ، وَالثِّقَةَ بِكَ، وَالْوَرَعَ عَنْ مَحَارِمِكَ، مَعَ صَالِحِ الْقَوْلِ، وَمَقْبُوْلِ السَّعْيِ، وَمَرْفُوْعِ الْعَمَلِ، وَمُسْتَجَابِ الدَّعْوَةِ، وَلَا تَحُلْ بَيْنِي وَبَيْنَ شَيْءٍ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ بِعَرَضٍ وَلَا مَرَضٍ وَلَا هَمٍّ وَلَا غَمٍّ وَلَا سُقْمٍ وَلَا غَفْلَةٍ وَلَانِسْيَانٍ، بَلْ بِالتَّعَاهُدِ وَالتَّحَفُّظِ لَكَ وَفِيْكَ، وَالرِّعَايَةِ لِحَقِّكَ، وَالْوَفَاۤءِ بِعَهْدِكَ وَوَعْدِكَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَآ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاقْسِمْ لِي فِيْهِ اَفْضَلَ مَا تَقْسِمُهُ لِعِبَادِكَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ، وَاَعْطِنِيْ فِيْهِ اَفْضَلَ مَا تُعْطِيْ اَوْلِيَاۤءَكَ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ، مِنَ الرَّحْمَةِ وَالْمَغْفِرَةِ وَالتَّحَنُّنِ وَالْاِجَابَةِ وَالْعَفْوِ وَالْمَغْفِرَةِ الدَّآئِمَةِ، وَالْعَافِيَةِ وَالْمُعَافَاةِ، وَالْعِتْقِ مِنَ النَّارِ، وَالْفَوْزِ بِالْجَنَّةِ، وَخَيْرِ الدُّنْيَا وَالْاٰخِرَةِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاجْعَلْ دُعَاۤئِيْ فِيْهِ اِلَيْكَ وَاصِلًا، وَرَحْمَتَكَ وَخَيْرَكَ اِلَىَّ فِيْهِ نَازِلًا، وَعَمَلِيْ فِيْهِ مَقْبُوْلًا، وَسَعْيِيْ فِيْهِ مَشْكُوْرًا، وَذَنْبِيْ فِيْهِ مَغْفُوْرًا، حَتّٰى يَكُوْنَ نَصِيْبِيْ فِيْهِ الِاَكْثَرَ، وَحَظِّيْ فِيْهِ الْاَوْفَرَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَوَفِّقْنِيْ فِيْهِ لِلَيْلَةِ الْقَدْرِ عَلٰى اَفْضَلِ حَالٍ تُحِبُّ اَنْ يَكُوْنَ عَلَيْهَا اَحَدٌ مِنْ اَوْلِيَآئِكَ، وَاَرْضَاهَا لَكَ، ثُمَّ اجْعَلْهَا لِيْ خَيْرًا مِنْ اَلْفِ شَهْرٍ، وَارْزُقْنِيْ فِيْهَا اَفْضَلَ مَا رَزَقْتَ اَحَدًا مِمَّنْ بَلَّغْتَهُ اِيَّاهَا وَاَكْرَمْتَهُ بِهَا، وَاجْعَلْنِيْ فِيْهَا مِنْ عُتَقَآئِكَ مِنْ جَهَنَّمَ، وطُلَقَآئِكَ مِنَ النَّارِ، وَسُعَدَاۤءِ خَلْقِكَ بِمَغْفِرَتِكَ وَرِضْوَانِكَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَارْزُقْنَا فِيْ شَهْرِنَا هٰذَا الْجِدَّ وَالْاِجْتِهَادَ، وَالْقُوَّةَ وَالنَّشَاطَ، وَمَا تُحِبُّ وَتَرْضٰى، اَللّٰهُمَّ رَبَّ الْفَجْرِ وَلَيَالٍ عَشْرٍ، وَالشَّفْعِ وَالْوَتْرِ، وَرَبَّ شَهْرِ رَمَضَانَ، وَمَا اَنْزَلْتَ فِيْهِ مِنَ الْقُرْاٰنِ، وَرَبَّ جَبْرَئِيْلَ وَمِيْكَاۤئِيْلَ واِسْرَافِيْلَ وَعِزْرَاۤئِيْلَ وَجَمِيْعِ الْمَلَآئِكَةِ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ، وَرَبَّ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ وَاِسْمَاعِيْلَ وَاِسْحَاقَ وَيَعْقُوْبَ، وَرَبَّ مُوسٰى وَعِيْسٰی وَجَمِيْعِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَالْمُرْسَلِيْنَ، وَرَبَّ مُحَمَّدٍ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ وَعَلَيْهِمْ اَجْمَعِيْنَ، وَاَسْاَلُكَ بِحَقِّكَ عَلَيْهِمْ وَبِحَقِّهِمْ عَلَيْكَ، وَبِحَقِّكَ الْعَظِيْمِ لَمَّا صَلَّيْتَ عَلَيْهِ وَاٰلِهِ وَعَلَيْهِمْ اَجْمَعِيْنَ، وَنَظَرْتَ اِلَيَّ نَظْرَةً رَحِيْمَةً تَرْضٰى بِهَا عَنِّي رِضىً لَا سَخَطَ عَلَيَّ بَعْدَهُ اَبَدًا، وَاَعْطَيْتَنِيْ جَمِيْعَ سُؤْلِيْ وَرَغْبَتِيْ وَاُمْنِيَّتِيْ وَاِرَادَتِيْ، وَصَرَفْتَ عَنِّي مَا اَكْرَهُ وَاَحْذَرُ وَاَخَافُ عَلٰى نَفْسِيْ وَمَا لَا اَخَافُ، وَعَنْ اَهْلِيْ وَمَالِيْ وَاِخْوَانِيْ وَذُرِّيَّتِيْ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِلَيْكَ فَرَرْنَا مِنْ ذُنُوْبِنَا فَـاٰوِنَا تَآئِبِيْنَ وَتُبْ عَلَيْنَا مُسْتَغْفِرِيْنَ، وَاغْفِرْ لَنَا مُتَعَوِّذِيْنَ، وَاَعِذْنَا مُسْتَجِيْرِيْنَ، وَاَجِرْنَا مُسْتَسْلِمِيْنَ، وَلَا تَخْذُلْنَا رَاهِبِيْنَ، واٰمِنَّا رَاغِبِيْنَ، وَشَفِّعْنَا سَاۤئِلِيْنَ، وَاَعْطِنَا اِنَّكَ سَمِيْعُ الدُّعَاۤءِ قَرِيْبٌ مُجِيْبٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ رَبِّيْ وَاَنَا عَبْدُكَ وَاَحَقُّ مَنْ سَاَلَ الْعَبْدُ رَبَّهُ وَلَمْ يَسْاَلِ الْعِبَادُ مِثْلَكَ كَرَمًا وَجُوْدًا، يَا مَوْضِعَ شَكْوٰيَ السَّاۤئِلِيْنَ، وَيَا مُنْتَهٰى حَاجَةِ الرَّاغِبِيْنَ، وَيَا غِيَاثَ الْمُسْتَغِيْثِيْنَ، وَيَا مُجِيْبَ دَعْوَةِ الْمُضْطَرِّيْنَ، وَيَا مَلْجَاَ الْهَارِبِيْنَ، وَيَا صَرِيْخَ الْمُسْتَصْرِخِيْنَ، وَيَا رَبَّ الْمُسْتَضْعَفِيْنَ، وَيَا كَاشِفَ كَرْبِ الْمَكْرُوْبِيْنَ، وَيَا فَارِجَ هَمِّ الْمَهْمُوْمِيْنَ، وَيَا كَاشِفَ الْكَرْبِ الْعَظِيْمِ يَا اَللهُ يَا رَحْمٰنُ يَا رَحِيْمُ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاغْفِرْ لِيْ ذُنُوْبِيْ وَعُيُوْبِيْ وَاِسَاۤءَتِيْ وَظُلْمِيْ وَجُرْمِيْ وَاِسْرَافِيْ عَلٰى نَفْسِيْ، وَارْزُقْنِيْ مِنْ فَضْلِكَ وَرَحْمَتِكَ فَاِنَّهُ لَا يَمْلِكُهَا غَيْرُكَ، وَاعْفُ عَنّي وَاغْفِرْ لِيْ كُلَّ مَا سَلَفَ مِنْ ذُنُوْبِيْ، وَاعْصِمْنِيْ فِيْـمَا بَقِيَ مِنْ عُمْرِيْ، وَاسْتُرْ عَلَيَّ وَعَلٰى وَالِدَيَّ وَوَلَدِيْ وَقَرَابَتِيْ وَاَهْلِ حُزَانَتِيْ وَمَنْ كَانَ مِنِّي بِسَبِيْلِ مِنَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَالْمُؤْمِنَاتِ فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَالْاٰخِرَةِ فَاِنَّ ذٰلِكَ كُلَّهُ بِيَدِكَ وَاَنْتَ وَاسِعُ الْمَغْفِرَةِ، فَلَا تُخَيِّبْنِيْ يَا سَيِّدِيْ، وَلَا تَرُدَّ دُعَاۤئِيْ وَلَا يَدِيْ اِلٰى نَحْرِيْ حَتّٰى تَفْعَلَ ذٰلِكَ بِيْ، وَتَسْتَجِيْبَ لِيْ جَمِيْعَ مَا سَاَلْتُكَ، وَتَزِيْدَنِيْ مِنْ فَضْلِكَ فَاِنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيْرٌ، وَنَحْنُ اِلَيْكَ رَاغِبُوْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ لَكَ الْاَسْمَاۤءُ الْحُسْنٰى، وَالْاَمْثَالُ الْعُلْيَا، وَالْكِبْرِيَاۤءُ وَالْاٰلَاۤءُ، اَسْاَلُكَ بِاسْمِكَ بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰـنِ الرَّحِيْمِ اِنْ كُنْتَ قَضَيْتَ فِيْ هٰذِهِ اللَّيْلَةِ تَنَزُّلَ الْمَلَآئِكَةِ وَالرُّوْحِ فِيْهَا اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاَنْ تَجْعَلَ اسْمِيْ فِيْ السُّعَدَاۤءِ، وَرُوْحِيْ مَعَ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ، وَاِحْسَانِيْ فِيْ عِلِّيِّيْنَ، وَاِسَاۤءَتِيْ مَغْفُوْرَةً وَاَنْ تَهَبَ لِيْ يَقِيْنًا تُبَاشِرُ بِهِ قَلْبِيْ، وَاِيْمَانًا لَا يَشُوْبُهُ شَكٌّ، وَرِضىً بِمَا قَسَمْتَ لِيْ، وَاٰتِنِيْ فِيْ الدُّنْيَا حَسَنَةً وَفِى حَسَنَةً وَقِنىٰ عَذَابَ النَّارِ، وَاِنْ لَمْ تَكُنْ قَضَيْتَ فِيْ هٰذِهِ اللَّيْلَةِ تَنَزُّلَ الْمَلَآئِكَةِ وَالرُّوْحِ فِيْهَا فَاَخِّرْنِيْ اِلٰى ذٰلِكَ، وَارْزُقْنِيْ فِيْهَا ذِكْرَكَ وَشُكْرَكَ وَطَاعَتَكَ وَحُسْنَ عِبَادَتِكَ وصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍبِاَفْضَلِ صَلَوَاتِكَ يَآ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِميْنَ يَا اَحَدُ يَا صَمَدُ، يَا رَبَّ مُحَمَّدٍ، اغْضَبِ الْيَوْمَ لِمُحَمَّدٍ وَلِاَبْرَارِ عِتْرَتِهِ وَاقْتُلْ اَعْدَاۤءَهُمْ بَدَدًا، وَاَحْصِهِمْ عَدَدًا، وَلَا تَدَعْ عَلٰى ظَهْرِ الْاَرْضِ مِنْهُمْ اَحَدًا، وَلَا تَغْفِرْ لَهُمْ اَبَدًا، يَا حَسَنَ الصُّحْبَةِ يَا خَلِيْفَةَ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَنْتَ اَرْحَمُ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ الْبَدٰيءُ الْبَدِيْعُ الَّذِيْ لَيْسَ كَمِثْلِكَ شَيْءٌ، وَالدَّآئِمُ غَيْرُ الْغَافِلِ، وَالْحَيُّ الَّذِيْ لَا يَمُوْتُ، اَنْتَ كُلِّ يَوْمٍ فِيْ شَاْنٍ، اَنْتَ خَلِيْفَةُ، مُحَمَّدٍ، وَنَاصِرُ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَمُفَضِّلُ مُحَمَّدٍ، اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تَنْصُرَ وَصِيَّ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَخَلِيْفَةَ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَالْقَآئِمَ بِالْقِسْطِ مِنْ اَوْصِيَاۤءِمُحَمَّدٍ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ وَعَلَيْهِمْ، اِعْطِفْ عَلَيْهِمْ نَصْرَكَ يَا لَا اِلـٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ، بِحَقِّ لَآ اِلـٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ، صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاجْعَلْنِيْ مَعَهُمْ فِي الدُّنْيَا وَالْاٰخِرَةِ، وَاجْعَلْ عَاقِبَةَ اَمْرِيْ اِلٰى غُفْرَانِكَ وَرَحْمَتِكَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ، وَكَذٰلِكَ نَسَبْتَ نَفْسَكَ يَا سَيِّدِيْ بِاللَّطِيْفِ، بَلٰى اِنَّكَ لَطِيْفٌ، فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَالْطُفْ لِمَا تَشَاۤءُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَارْزُقْنِى الْحَجَّ وَالْعُمْرَةَ فِيْ عَامِنَا هٰذَا، وَتَطَوَّلْ عَلَيَّ بِجَمِيْعِ حَوَآئِجِيْ لِلْآخِرَةِ وَالدُّنْيَا--Then repeat the following imploration three times:\r\n\r\n--اَسْتَغْفِرُ اللهَ رَبِّي وَاَتُوْبُ اِلَيْهِ اِنَّ رَبِّي قَرِيْبٌ مُجِيْبٌ، اَسْتَغْفِرُ اللهَ رَبِّي وَاَتُوْبُ اِلَيْهِ اِنَّ رَبِّيْ رَحِيْمٌ وَدُوْدٌ، اَسْتَغْفِرُ اللهَ رَبِّي وَاَتُوْبُ اِلَيْهِ اِنَّهُ كَانَ غَفَّارًا اَللّٰهُمَّ اغْفِرْ لِيْ اِنَّكَ اَرْحَمُ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ، رَبِّ اِنّي عَمِلْتُ سُوٓءًا وَظَلَمْتُ نَفْسِيْ فَاغْفِرْ لِيْ اِنَّهُ لَا يَغْفِرُ الذُّنُوْبَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ، اَسْتَغْفِرُ اللهَ الَّذِيْ لَا اِلـٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ الْحَيُّ، الْقَيُّوْمُ الْحَلِيْمُ الْعَظِيْمُ الْكَرِيْمُ، الْغَفَّارُ للِذَّنْبِ الْعَظِيْمِ وَاَتُوْبُ اِلَيْهِ، اَسْتَغْفِرُ اللهَ اِنَّ اللهَ كَانَ غَفُورًا رَحِيْمًا--Then, keep on saying the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاَنْ تَجْعَلَ فِيْـمَا تَقْضِيْ وَتُقَدِّرُ مِنَ الْاَمْرِ الْعَظِيْمِ الْمَحْتُومِ فِيْ لَيْلَةِ الْقَدْرِ مِنَ الْقَضَاۤءِ الَّذِيْ لَا يُرَدُّ وَلَا يُبَدَّلُ، اَنْ تَكْتُبَنِيْ مِنْ حُجَّاجِ بَيْتِكَ الْحَرَامِ، الْمَبْرُوْرِ حَجُّهُمْ، الْمَشْكُوْرِ سَعْيُهُمْ، الْمَغْفُوْرِ ذُنُوْبُهُمُ، الْمُكَفَّرِ عَنْهُمْ سَيِّئَاتُهُمْ، وَاَنْ تَجْعَلَ فِيْـمَا تَقْضِيْ وَتُقَدِّرُ اَنْ، تُطِيْلَ عُمْرِيْ وَتُوَسِّعَ فِيْ رِزْقِيْ، وَتُؤَدِّيْ عَنِّيْ اَمَانَتِيْ وَدَيْنِيْ، اٰمِيْنَ رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْ لِيْ مِنْ اَمْرِيْ فَرَجًا وَمَخْرَجًا، وَارْزُقْنِيْ مِنْ حَيْثُ اَحْتَسِبُ وَمِنْ حَيْثُ لَا اَحْتَسِبُ، وَاحْرُسْنِيْ مِنْ حَيْثُ اَحْتَرِسُ، وَمِنْ حَيْثُ لَا اَحْتَرِسُ وَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَسَلِّمْ كَثيرًا۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The rites that are advisably practiced on the days of Ramadan are as follows:\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer that is mentioned by Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus:\r\n\r\nO Allah, this is the month of Ramadan in which You revealed the Qur'an, a guidance for humankind and clear proofs of true guidance and distinction (between the right and the wrong). This is the month of observing fasting. This is the month of acts of worship. This the month of turning to You (in penitence). This is the month of repentance. This is the month of forgiveness and mercy. This is the moth of release from Hellfire and winning Paradise. This is the month in which there is the Destiny Night, which is better than one thousand months. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, help me observe fasting and do acts of worship during it, keep it upright for me, keep me safe during it, help me observe it with the best of Your help, make me succeed in doing acts of obedience to You, to Your Prophet, and Your intimate servants upon whom be Your blessings. Make me devote myself to acts of worship to You, to praying You, and to reciting Your Book, increase its blessings for me, confer upon me with good health during it, make my body healthy during it, expand my sustenance during it, save me from whatever aggrieves me during it, respond to my prayers during it, and make me attain my hope during it. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, remove from me during it drowsiness, lethargy, laziness, weariness, hardheartedness, inattentiveness, and carelessness. Put aside from me during it illnesses, sicknesses, grievances, sorrows, ailments, diseases, wrongdoings, and sins. Send away from me during it evil, indecency, fatigue, ordeals, tiredness, and suffering. Verily, You are the Hearer of prayers. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and protect me during it from Satan the cursed, his sting, his slander, his devilry, his evil inspirations, his frustration, his obstinacy, his trickeries, his deceptions, his traps, his scams, his false hopes, his vanities, his seductions, his ruses, his allies, his followers, his fans, his supporters, his partners, and all his snares. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and bestow upon us with the observance of fasting, acts of worship, attainment of our hopes during it, by means of doing acts of worship in it, accomplishment of that which brings about Your pleasure by means of steadfastness, acting for Your sake, faith and certitude. Then (please) admit all that from me with manifold rewards and great gifts.\r\n\r\nO Lord of the worlds! O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and grant me (the opportunity to go on) Hajj, 'Umrah, hard work, painstakingness, power, activity, turning to You, repentance, success, seeking Your nearness, admitted good-doing, desire (for You), fear (from You), submission (to You), meekness, tenderness, sincere intention, truthfulness, dread from You, hope for You, reliance upon You, trust in You, and abstention from committing that which You have deemed unlawful, along with decent speaking, admitted efforts, elevated deeds, and responded prayers. Do not let anything intervene between me and any of these matters, such as an accidental event, disease, grief, unhappiness, ailment, inadvertence, or oblivion; rather, (help me do all that) with observance, carefulness to You and for Your sake, adherence to that which is incumbent upon nie towards You, and fulfillment of my covenant and promise to You. (let all that be) in the name of Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, decide for me during this month the best of that which You decide for Your righteous servants, and give me during it the most favorable of that which You give to Your intimate and favorite servants; such as mercy, forgiveness, kindness, responding (of prayers), pardon, perpetual forgiveness, good health, continuous wellbeing, release from Hellfire, winning Paradise, and the goodness of this worldly life and the Next World. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and cause my prayers during this month to reach You, Your mercy and goodness during it to reach me, my deed to be accepted (by You), my efforts during it to be praiseworthy, and my sins during it to be forgiven so that my share (of Your awards) shall be the most abundant, and my portion the most copious. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and guide me to observe the Destiny Night adequately, being in the most favorable and most pleased state that You would like to notice from any of Your intimate servants. Then, decide it to be better for me that one thousand months, confer upon me during this night the best conferrals that You ever confer upon any one whom You guide to attain it and whom You honor during it, include me at this night it with those whom You release from Hell whom You manumit from Hellfire and with those of Your creatures who are happy due to Your forgiveness and satisfaction (that reach them). O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and grant us during this month hard working, exactness, power, activeness, and whatever You like and please.\r\n\r\nO Allah, the Lord of the Dawn, the Ten Nights, the Even and the Odd, the Lord of the month of Ramadan and the Qur'an that You have revealed during it, the Lord of (Archangels) Gabriel, Michael, Seraph, and \"Izra’il, as well as all the Favorite Angels, the Lord of (Prophets) Abraham, Ishmael, Isaac, and Jacob, the Lord of Moses and Jesus, as well as all the Prophets and Messengers, and the Lord of Muhammad, the seal of the Prophets, may Your blessings be upon him and upon them all. I beseech You in the name of their duty towards You Your duty towards them, and in the name of the great duty towards You to bless him and his Household and all of them, to take a merciful look at me due to which You be pleased with me so perfectly that You never be irate with me after that, to grant me all my requests, desires, hopes, and needs, to ward off all that which I despise and try to avoid and all that which I fear for myself and all that which I do not fear, and to do the same to my family members, my property, my brethren and my offspring. ,O Allah, to You are we running from our sins; so (please do) shelter us as we are repentant, accept our repentance as we are seeking Your forgiveness, forgive us as we are seeking Your protection, protect us as we are seeking Your aid, aid us as we are surrendering to You, never disappoint us as we are fearful of You, secure us as we are desiring for You, accept our intercession as we are begging You, and grant us (what we hope) as You are verily the Hearer of prayers, the Nigh, and the Responding. O Allah, You are my Lord and I am Your servant, and it is conventional that a servant begs from his Lord. All Your servants have never begged any one who is as generous and magnanimous as You are. O center of the complaints of the beseechers! O ultimate goal of the needs of the desirers! O Aide of the seekers of aid! O Responding to the prayers of the distressed ones! O Shelter of the fugitives! O Helper of the seekers of help! O Cherisher of the enfeebled ones! O Reliever of the grievances of the aggrieved ones! O Releaser of the agonies of the distressed ones! O Reliever of the enormous calamities! O Allah! O All-beneficent! O All-merciful! O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! (Please) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, forgive my sins, my defects, my offenses, my wrongdoing, my felonies, and my extravagance in my affairs, grant me out of Your favors and mercy, for none possesses these two save You, pardon me, forgive all my past sins, save me from sinning in the rest of my lifetime, cover me as well as my parents, my children, my relatives, my friends, and all those who relate to me from the believing men and women in this worldly life and the life to come. Verily, all that is managed by You alone and You are verily the Liberal in forgiving. So, my Master, do not disappoint me, do not reject my prayer, and do not let me down; rather, (please) do all that to me, respond to me in all that which I have asked from You, and increase Your favor upon me, because You verily have power over all things and for You do we desire.\r\n\r\nO Allah, Yours are the Most Excellent Names, the Most Elevated Examples, every greatness, and all bounties. I thus beseech You by Your Name: In the Name of Allah, the All-beneficent, the All-merciful. If you have decided at this night, during which the angels and the Holy Spirit are allowed to descend, to bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, add my name to the (list of the) happy ones, add my soul to the martyrs, elevate my good doings exaltedly, decide my ill deeds to be forgiven, grant me conviction with which You fill in my heart, faith free of doubt, satisfaction with that which You decide for me, grant me good in this worldly life and good in the Next World, and save me from the Fire of Hell. And if You have not decided at this night, during which the angels and the Holy Spirit are allowed to descend, then (please) postpone Your decisions about me to that night, confer upon me during it with remembering You, showing gratitude to You, doing acts of obedience to You, and worshipping You in the best manner. And (please) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad with Your most favorable blessings, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O One and Only! the Besought of all! O Lord of Muhammad! (please) revenge on this day for Muhammad and for the pious ones from his offspring, eradicate all of their enemies, put them all under Your reprimand, do not leave anyone of them to live on this earth, and never forgive them. O most excellent Companion! O Heir of the Prophets! You are verily the most Merciful of all those who show mercy, the Commencer, the brilliant Maker, there is none like You, You are the Eternal Who never omits anything, are the Ever-living Who never dies, on each day, You have a certain state. You are the Heir of Muhammad, the Supporter of Muhammad, and the Selector of Muhammad. I beseech You to give victory to the successor and representative of Muhammad, the Imam who shall appear with justice among the successors of Muhammad, may Your blessings be upon him and upon them. (Please)turn Your victory toward them. O He but Whom there is no god! I beseech You in the name of that there is no god but You, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, allow me to join them in this worldly life as well as the Next World and allow all my affairs to end up with Your forgiveness and mercy. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O my Master, You have ascribed the feature of kindness to Yourself. Yes, indeed! You are truly kind. So,(please) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and treat me kindly as You like. O Allah, (please) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, grant me (the opportunity to go on) Hajj and 'Umrah in this year, confer upon me with the favor of settling all my needs for the Next World and this worldly life.\r\n\r\nThen repeat the following imploration three times:\r\n\r\nI implore for the forgiveness of Allah, my Lord, and I repent before Him. Surely, my Lord is Nigh and Responding. I implore for Allah’s forgiveness, my Lord, and I repent before Him, Surely, my Lord is Merciful, Loving. I implore for Allah’s forgiveness, my Lord, and I repent before Him. He is surely All-forgiving. 0 Allah, (please do) forgive me. You are verily the most Merciful of all those who show mercy. 0 my Lord, I have committed ill deeds and wronged myself. So (please) forgive me, because none can forgive sins save You. I implore for Allah’s forgiveness save Whom there is no god, the Ever-living, the Self-Subsistent, the Indulgent, the Allgreat, the Noble, the forgiver of fatal sins, and I repent before Him. I implore for Allah’s forgiveness. Allah is verily Forgiver, Merciful.\r\n\r\nThen, keep on saying the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I beseech You to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, to decide within the decisions that You make, from the great, inevitable affair at the Destiny Night, within the decision that is neither rejected nor altered, to write my name with the pilgrims of Your Holy House, whose Hajj is admitted, whose efforts are praiseworthy, whose sins are forgiven, and whose offenses are pardoned, to decide among the decisions that You make to grant me long lifetime, expand my sustenance, help me fulfill my trusts and settle my debts, and respond to me, 0 Lord of the worlds. 0 Allah, (please do) make for me relief and an outlet, provide for me from whence I expect and from whence I do not expect, guard me from when I take precautions and from whence I do not take precautions, and send plentiful blessings and benedictions to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad."
}