{
    "content": "Second: He has also said: It is recommended to say the following doxology (zikr) everyday in Ramadan. It consists of ten parts; each part comprises ten phrases of glorification of Almighty Allah:\r\n\r\n-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ السَّمِيْعِ الَّذِيْ لَيْسَ شَيْءٌ اَسْمَعَ مِنْهُ، يَسْمَعُ مِنْ فَوْقِ عَرْشِهِ مَا تَحْتَ سَبْعِ اَرَضِيْنَ، وَيَسْمَعُ مَا فِيْ ظُلُمَاتِ الْبَرِّ وَالْبَحْرِ، وَيَسْمَعُ الْاَنِيْنَ وَالشَّكْوٰى وَيَسْمَعُ السِّرَّ وَاَخْفٰى، وَيَسْمَعُ وَسَاوِسَ الصُّدُوْرِ وَلَا يُصِمُّ سَمْعَهُ صَوْتٌ-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الُمُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى وَمَا لَا يُرٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الْبَصيرِ الَّذِيْ لَيْسَ شَيْءٌ اَبْصَرَ مِنْهُ، يُبْصِرُ مِنْ فَوْقِ عَرْشِهِ مَا تَحْتَ سَبْعِ اَرَضِيْنَ، وَيُبْصِرُ مَا فِيْ ظُلُمَاتِ الْبَرِّ وَالْبَحْرِ، لَا تُدْرِكُهُ الْاَبْصَارُ وَهُوَ يُدْرِكُ الْاَبْصَارَ وَهُوَ اللَّطِيْفُ الْخَبِيْرُ، لَا تُغْشِىْ بَصَرَهُ الظُّلْمَةُ، وَلَا يُسْتَتَرُ مِنْهُ بِسِتْرٍ، وَلَا يُوَارِيْ مِنْهُ جِدَارٌ، وَلَا يَغِيْبُ عَنْهُ بَرٌّ وَلَا بَحْرٌ، وَلَا يَكُنُّ مِنْهُ جَبَلٌ مَا فِيْ اَصْلِهِ، وَلَا قَلْبٌ مَا فِيْهِ، وَلَا جَنْبٌ مَا فِيْ قَلْبِهِ، وَلَا يَسْتَتِرُ مِنْهُ صَغِيْرٌ وَلَا كَبِيْرٌ، وَلَا يَسْتَخْفِيْ مِنْهُ صَغِيْرٌ لِصِغَرِهِ، وَلَا يَخْفٰى عَلَيْهِ شَيْءٌ فِي الْاَرْضِ وَلَا فِي السَّمَاۤءِ، هُوَ الَّذِيْ يُصَوِّرُكُمْ فِي الْاَرْحَامِ كَيْفَ يَشَاۤءُ، لَا اِلـٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ الْعَزِيْزُ الْحَكِيْمُ-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الَّذِيْ يُنْشِئُ السَّحَابَ الثِّقَالَ، وَيُسَبِّحُ الرَّعْدُ بِحَمْدِهِ، وَالْمَلَآئِكَةُ مِنْ خِيْفَتِهِ، وَيُرْسِلُ الصَّوَاعِقِ فَيُصِيْبُ بِهَا مَنْ يَشَاۤءُ، وَيُرْسِلُ الرِّيَاحَ بُشْرًا بَيْنَ يَدَيْ رَحْمَتِهِ، وَيُنَزِّلُ الْمَاۤءَ مِنَ السَّمَاۤءِ بِكَلِمَتِهِ وَيُنْبِتُ النَّبَاتَ بِقُدْرَتِهِ، وَيَسْقُطُ الْوَرَقُ بِعِلْمِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الَّذِيْ لَا يَعْزُبُ عَنْهُ مِثْقَالُ ذَرَّةٍ فِي الْاَرْضِ وَلَا فِي السَّمَاۤءِ، وَلَا اَصْغَرُ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ وَلَا اَكْبَرُ اِلَّا فِي كِتَابٍ مُبِيْنٍ-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الَّذِيْ يَعْلَمُ مَا تَحْمِلُ كُلُّ اُنْثٰى وَمَا تَغِيْضُ الْاَرْحَامُ وَمَا تَزْدَادُ وَكُلُّ شَيْءٍ عِنْدَهُ بِمِقْدَارٍ، عَالِمُ الْغَيْبِ وَالشَّهَادَةِ الْكَبِيْرُ الْمُتَعَالِ، سَوَاۤءٌ مِنْكُمْ مَنْ اَسَرَّ الْقَوْلَ وَمَنْ جَهَرَ بِهِ، وَمَنْ هُوَ مُسْتَخْفٍ بِاللَّيْلِ وَسَارِبٌ بِالنَّهَارِ، لَهُ مُعَقِّبَاتٌ مِنْ بَيْنِ يَدَيْهِ وَمِنْ خَلْفِهِ يَحْفَظُوْنَهُ مِنَ اَمْرِ اللهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الَّذي يُمِيْتُ الَاَحْيَاۤءَ، وَيُحْيِىْ الْمَوْتٰى، وَيَعْلَمُ مَا تَنْقُصُ الْاَرْضُ مِنْهُمْ، وَيُقِرُّ فِي الْاَرْحَامِ مَا يَشَاۤءُ اِلٰى اَجَلٍ مُسَمّىً-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مَالِكِ الْمُلْكِ تُؤْتِى الْمُلْكَ مَنْ تَشَاۤءُ، وَتَنْزِعُ الْمُلْكَ مِمَّنْ تَشَاۤءُ، وَتُعِزُّ مَنْ تَشَاۤءُ، وَتُذِلُّ مَنْ تَشَاۤءُ، بِيَدِكَ الْخَيْرُ اِنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيءٍ قَدِيْرٌ، تُوْلِجُ اللَّيْلَ فِي النَّهَارِ، وَتُوْلِجُ النَّهَارَ فِي اللَّيْلِ، تُخْرِجُ الْحَىَّ مِنَ الْمَيِّتِ، وَتُخْرِجُ الْمَيِّتَ مِنَ الْحَيِّ، وَتَرْزُقُ مَنْ تَشَاۤءُ بِغَيْرِ حِسَابِ-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الَّذِيْ عِنْدَهُ مَفَاتِحُ الْغَيْبِ لَا يَعْلَمُهَا اِلَّا هُوَ وَيَعْلَمُ مَا فِي الْبَرِّ وَالْبَحْرِ، وَمَا تَسْقُطُ مِنْ وَرَقَةٍ اِلَّا يَعْلَمُهَا، وَلَا حَبَّةٍ فِي ظُلُمَاتِ الْاَرْضِ وَلَا رَطْبٍ وَلَا يَابِسٍ اِلَّا فِي كِتَابٍ مُبِيْنٍ-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الَّذِيْ لَا يُحْصِيْ مِدْحَتَهُ الْقَاۤئِلُوْنَ، وَلَا يَجْزِيْ بٰاِلٰآئِهِ الشَّاكِرُوْنَ الْعَابِدُوْنَ، وَهُوَ كَمَا قَالَ وَفَوْقَ مَا نَقُوْلُ، وَاللهُ سُبْحَانَهُ كَمَا اَثْنٰى عَلٰى نَفْسِهِ وَلَا يُحِيْطُوْنَ بِشَئٍ مِنْ عِلْمِهِ اِلَّاا بِمَا شَاۤءَوَسِعَ كُرْسِيُّهُ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالْاَرْضَ وَلَا يَؤُدُهُ حِفْظُهُمَا وَهُوَ الْعَلِيُّ الْعَظِيْمُ-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الَّذِي يَعْلَمُ مَا يَلِجُ فِى الْاَرْضِ وَمَا يَخْرُجُ مِنْهَا وَمَا يَنْزِلُ مِنَ السَّمَاۤءِ وَمَا يَعْرُجُ فِيْهَا، وَلَا يَشْغَلُهُ مَا يَلِجُ فِى الْاَرْضِ وَمَايَخْرُجُ مِنْهَا عَمَّا يَنْزِلُ مِنَ السَّمَاۤءِ وَمَا يَعْرُجُ فِيْهَا، وَلَا يَشْغَلُهُ مَا يَنْزِلُ مِنَ السَّمَاۤءِ وَمَا يَعْرُجُ فِيْهَا عَمَّا يَلِجُ فِى الْاَرْضِ وَمَا يَخْرُجُ مِنْهَا، وَلَا يَشْغَلُهُ عِلْمُ شَىْءٍ عَنْ عِلْمِ شَىْءٍ وَلَا يَشْغَلُهُ خَلْقُ شَىْءٍ عَنْ خَلْقِ شَيْءٍ، وَلَا حِفْظُ شَيْءٍ، عَنْ حِفْظِ شَيْءٍ وَلَا يُسَاوِيْهِ شَيْءٌ وَلَا يَعْدِلُهُ شَيْءٌ لَيْسَ كَمِثْلِهِ شَيْءٌ وَهُوَ السَّمِيْعُ الْبَصِيْرُ-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَاطِرِ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالْاَرْضِ، جَاعِلِ الْمَلَآئِكَةِ رُسُلًا اُوْلٰي اَجْنِحَةٍ، مَثْنٰى وَثُلَاثَ وَرُبَاعَ، يَزِيْدُ فِى الْخَلْقِ مَا يَشَاۤءُ اِنَّ اللهَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيْرٌ، ما يَفْتَحِ اللهُ للِنَّاسِ مِنْ رَحْمَةٍ فَلَا مُمْسِكَ لَهَا، وَمَا يُمْسِكُ فَلَا مُرْسِلَ لَهُ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ وَهُوَ الْعَزِيْزُ الْحَكِيْمُ-- سُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَارِئِ النَّسَمِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ المُصَوِّرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ الْاَزْوَاجِ كُلِّهَا، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ جَاعِلِ الظُّلُمَاتِ وَالنُّوْرِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ فَالِقِ الْحَبِّ وَالنَّوٰى، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ خَالِقِ مَا يُرٰى، وَمَا لَا يُرٰى سُبْحَانَ اللهِ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، سُبْحَانَ اللهِ الَّذِيْ يَعْلَمُ مَا فِى السَّمَاوَاتِ وَمَا فِى الْاَرْضِ، مَا يَكُوْنُ مِنْ نَجْوٰى ثَلَاثَةٍ اِلَّا هُوَ رَابِعُهُمْ، وَلَا خَمْسَةٍ اِلَّاا هُوَ سَادِسُهُمْ، وَلَا اَدْنٰى مِنْ ذٰلِكَ وَلَا اَكْثَرَ اِلَّا هُوَ مَعَهُمْ اَيْنَمَا كَانُوْا، ثُمَّ يُنَبِّئُهُمْ بِمَا عَمِلُوْا يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ اِنَّ اللهَ بِكُلِّ شَيْءٍ عَلِيْمٌ۔--Third: Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid ibn Tawus have also said: You are advised to say the following invocation of blessings upon the Holy Prophet everyday in Ramadan:\r\n\r\n--اِنَّ اللهَ وَمَلَآئِكَتَهُ يُصَلُّوْنَ عَلَى النَّبِيِّ يَا اَيُّهَا الَّذِيْنَ اٰمَنُوْا صَلُّوْا عَلَيْهِ وَسَلِّمُوْا تَسْلِيْمًا، لَبَّيْكَ يَا رَبِّ وَسَعْدَيْكَ وَسُبْحَانَكَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَبَارِكَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، كَمَا صَلَّيْتَ وَبَارَكْتَ عَلٰى اِبْرَاهِيْمَ وَاٰلِ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ اِنَّكَ حَمِيْدٌ مَجِيْدٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ ارْحَمْ مُحَمَّدًا وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا رَحِمْتَ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ واٰلَ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ اِنَّكَ حَمِيْدٌ مَجِيْدٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ سَلِّمْ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا سَلَّمْتَ عَلٰى نُوْحٍ فِى الْعَالَمِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ امْنُنْ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا مَنَنْتَ عَلٰى مُوْسٰى وَهَارُوْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا شَرَّفْتَنَا بِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا هَدَيْتَنَا بِهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَابْعَثْهُ مَقَامًا مَحْمُوْدًا يَغْبِطُهُ بِهِ الْاَوَّلُوْنَ وَالْاٰخِرُوْنَ، عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ كُلَّمَا طَلَعَتْ شَمْسٌ اَوْ غَرَبَتْ، عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ كُلَّمَا طَرَفَتْ عَيْنٌ اَوْ بَرَقَتْ، عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ كُلَّمَا ذُكِرَ السَّلَامُ، عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ كُلَّمَا سَبَّحَ اللهَ مَلَكٌ اَوْ قَدَّسَهُ، السَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِهِ فِى الْاَوَّلِيْنَ، وَالسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِهِ فِى الْاٰخِرِيْنَ، وَالسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِهِ فِي الدُّنْيَا وَالْاٰخِرَةِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ رَبَّ الْبَلَدِ الْحَرَامِ وَرَبَّ الرُّكْنِ وَالْمَقَامِ، وَرَبَّ الْحِلِّ وَالْحَرَامِ، اَبْلِغْ مُحَمَّدًا نَبِيَّكَ عَنَّا السَّلَامَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اَعْطِ مُحَمَّدًا مِنَ الْبَهَاۤءِ وَالنَّضْرَةِ وَالسُّرُوْرِ وَالْكَرَامَةِ وَالْغِبْطَةِ وَالْوَسِيْلَةِ وَالْمَنْزِلَةِ وَالْمَقَامِ وَالشَّرَفِ وَالرِّفْعَةِ وَالشَّفَاعَةِ عِنْدَكَ يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ اَفْضَلَ مَا تُعْطِيْ اَحَدًا مِنْ خَلْقِكَ، وَاَعْطِ مُحَمَّدًا فَوْقَ مَا تُعْطِيْ الْخَلَآئِقَ مِنَ الْخَيْرِ اَضْعَافًا كَثِيْرَةً لَا يُحْصِيْهَا غَيْرُكَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَطْيَبَ وَاَطْهَرَ وَاَزْكٰى وَاَنْمٰى وَاَفْضَلَ مَا صَلَّيْتَ عَلٰى اَحَدٍ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَالْاٰخِرِيْنَ، وَعَلٰى اَحَدٍ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى عَلِيٍّ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلى مَنْ شَرِكَ فِيْ دَمِهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى فَاطِمَةَ بِنْتِ نَبيِّكَ مُحَمَّدٍ عَلَيْهِ وَاٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ وَالْعَنْ مَنْ اٰذٰى نَبِيَّكَ فِيْهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى الْحَسَنِ وَالْحُسَيْنِ اِمامَىِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ، وَوَالِ مَنْ والَاهُمَاوَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُمَا، وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ شَرِكَ فِي دِمَآئِهِمَا، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى عَلِيِّ بْنِ الْحُسَيْنِ اِمامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ، وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ ظَلَمَهُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ اِمَامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ ظَلَمَهُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى جَعْفَرِ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ اِمَامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ ظَلَمَهُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُوْسَى بْنِ جَعْفَرٍ اِمَامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ شَرِكَ فِي دَمِهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى عَلِيِّ بْنِ مُوْسٰى اِمَامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ شَرِكَ فِي دَمِهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ اِمَامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ ظَلَمَهُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى عَلِي بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ اِمَامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ ظَلَمَهُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى الْحَسَنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ اِمَامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَضَاعِفِ الْعَذَابَ عَلٰى مَنْ ظَلَمَهُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى الْخَلَفِ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ اِمَامِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَعَجِّلْ فَرَجَهُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى الْقَاسِمِ وَالطَّاهِرِ اِبْنَي نَبِيِّكَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى رُقَيَّةَ بِنْتِ نَبِيِّكَ وَالْعَنْ مَنْ اٰذٰى نَبِيَّكَ فِيْهَا، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى اُمِّ كُلْثُوْمَ بِنْتِ نَبِيِّكَ وَالْعَنْ مَنْ اٰذٰى نَبِيَّكَ فِيْهَا، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى ذُرِّيَّةِ نَبِيِّكَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اخْلُفْ نَبِيَّكَ فِي اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ مَكِّنْ لَهُمْ فِى الْاَرْضِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْنَا مِنْ عَدَدِهِمْ وَمَدَدِهِمْ وَاَنْصَارِهِمْ عَلَى الْحَقِّ فِى السِّرِّ وَالْعَلَانِيَةِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اطْلُبْ بِذِحْلِهِمْ وَوِتْرِهِمْ وَدِمَآئِهِمْ وَكُفَّ عَنَّا وَعَنْهُمْ وَعَنْ كُلِّ مُؤْمِنٍ وَمُؤْمِنَةٍ بَاْسَ كُلِّ بَاغٍ وَطَاغٍ وَكُلِّ دَآ بَّةٍ اَنْتَ اٰخِذٌ بِنَاصِيَتِهَا اِنَّكَ اَشَدُّ بَاْسًا وَاَشَدُّ تَنْكِيْلًا۔--Sayyid Ibn Tawus adds: You may also say the following:\r\n\r\n--يَا عُدَّتِيْ فِيْ كُرْبَتِيْ، وَيَا صَاحِبِيْ فِي شِدَّتِيْ، وَيَا وَلِيِّيْ فِيْ نِعْمَتِيْ، وَيَا غَايَتِيْ فِيْ رَغْبَتِيْ، اَنْتَ السَّاتِرُ عَوْرَتِيْ، وَالْمُؤْمِنُ رَوْعَتِيْ، وَالْمُقِيْلُ عَثْرَتِيْ، فَاغْفِرْ لِيْ خَطِيْٓئَتِيْ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may also say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَدْعُوْكَ لِهَمٍّ لَا يُفَرِّجُهُ غَيْرُكَ، وَلِرَحْمَةٍ لَا تُنَالُ اِلَّا بِكَ، وَلِكَرْبٍ لَا يَكْشِفُهُ اِلَّا اَنْتَ، وَلِرَغْبَةٍ لَا تُبْلَغُ اِلَّا بِكَ، وَلِحَاجَةٍ لَا يَقْضِيْهَا اِلَّا اَنْتَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ فَكَمَا كَانَ مِنْ شَاْنِكَ مَا اَذِنْتَ لِيْ بِهِ مِنْ مَسْاَلَتِكَ وَرَحِمْتَنِيْ بِهِ مِنْ ذِكْرِكَ، فَلْيَكُنْ مِنْ شَاْنِكَ سَيِّدِيْ الْاِجَابَةُ لِيْ فِيْمَا دَعْوَتُكَ، وَعَوٰآئِدُ الْاِفْضَالِ فِيْمَا رَجَوْتُكَ، وَالنَّجَاهُ مِمَّا فَزِعْتُ اِلَيْكَ فِيْهِ، فَاِنْ لَمْ اَكُنْ اَهْلًا اَنْ اَبْلُغَ رَحْمَتَكَ فَاِنَّ رَحْمَتَكَ اَهْلٌ اَنْ تَبْلُغَنِيْ وَتَسَعَنِيْ، وَاِنْ لَمْ اَكُنْ لِلْاِجَابَةِ اَهْلًا فَاَنْتَ اَهْلُ الْفَضْلِ، وَرَحْمَتُكَ وَسِعَتْ كُلَّ شَيْءٍ، فَلْتَسَعْنِيْ رَحْمَتُكَ، يَا اِلٰـهِيْ يَا كَرِيْمُ اَسْاَلُكَ بِوَجْهِكَ الْكَرِيْمِ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ، وَاَنْ تُفَرِّجَ هَمِّيْ، وَتَكْشِفَ كَرْبِيْ وَغَمِّيْ، وَتَرْحَمَنِيْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ، وَتَرْزُقَنِيْ مِنْ فَضْلِكَ اِنَّكَ سَمِيْعُ الدُّعَاۤءِ قَرِيبٌ مُجِيْبٌ۔--Fourth: Both Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid ibn Tawus have recommended saying the following supplicatory prayer throughout the days of Ramadan:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ فَضْلِكَ بِاَفْضَلِهِ وَكُلُّ فَضْلِكَ فَاضِلٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ بِفَضْلِكَ كُلِّهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ رِزْقِكَ بِاَعَمِّهِ وَكُلُّ رِزْقِكَ عَامٌّ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ بِرِزْقِكَ كُلِّهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ عَطَآئِكَ بِاَهْنَئِهِ وَكُلُّ عَطَآئِكَ هَنِيْءٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ بِعَطَآئِكَ كُلِّهَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ خَيْرِكَ بِاَعْجَلِهِ وَكُلُّ خَيْرِكَ عَاجِلٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ بِخَيْرِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ اِحْسَانِكَ بِاَحْسَنِهِ وَكُلُّ اِحْسَانِكَ حَسَنٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ بِاِحْسَانِكَ كُلِّهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ بِمَا تُجِيْبُنِيْ بِهِ حِيْنَ اَسْاَلُكَ فَاَجِبْنِيْ يَا اَللهُ، وَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ عَبْدِكَ الْمُرْتَضٰى، وَرَسُوْلِكَ الْمُصْطَفٰى، وَاَميْنِكَ وَنَجِيِّكَ دُوْنَ خَلْقِكَ وَنَجِيْبِكَ مِنْ عِبَادِكَ، وَنَبِيِّكَ بِالصِّدْقِ، وَحَبِيْبِكَ، وَصَلِّ عَلٰى رَسُولِكَ وَخِيَرَتِكَ مِنَ الْعَالَمِيْنَ، الْبَشِيْرِ النَّذِيْرِ السِّرَاجِ الْمُنِيْرِ، وَعَلٰى اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ الْاَبْرَارِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ، وَعَلٰى مَلَآئِكَتِكَ الَّذِيْنَ اسْتَخْلَصْتَهُمْ لِنَفْسِكَ، وَحَجَبْتَهُمْ عَنْ خَلْقِكَ، وَعَلٰى اَنْبِيَآئِكَ الَّذِيْنَ يُنْبِئُوْنَ عَنْكَ بِالصِّدْقِ، وَعَلٰى رُسُلِكَ الَّذِيْنَ خَصَصْتَهُمْ بِوَحْيِكَ، وَفَضَّلْتَهُمْ عَلَى الْعَالَمِيْنَ بِرِسَالَاتِكَ، وَعَلٰى عِبَادِكَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ الَّذِيْنَ اَدْخَلْتَهُمْ فِي رَحْمَتِكَ، الْاَئِمَّةِ الْمُهْتَدِيْنَ الرَّاشِدِيْنَ، وَاَوْلِيَآئِكَ الْمُطَهَّرِيْنَ، وَعَلٰى جَبْرَئِيْلَ وَمِيْكَاۤئِيْلَ وَاِسْرَافِيْلَ وَمَلَكِ الْمَوْتِ، وَعَلٰى رِضْوَانَ خَازِنِ الْجِنَانِ، وَعَلٰى مَالِكِ خَازِنِ النَّارِ، وَرُوْحِ الْقُدُسِ وَالرُّوحِ الْاَمِيْنِ، وَحَمَلَةِ عَرْشِكَ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ، وَعَلَى الْمَلَكَيْنِ الْحَافِظَيْنِ عَلَيَّ بِالصَّلَاةِ الَّتِيْ تُحِبُّ اَنْ يُصَلِّيَ بِهَا عَلَيْهِمْ اَهْلُ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَاَهْلُ الْاَرَضِيْنَ صَلَاةً طَيِّبَةً كَثِيْرَةً مُبَارَكَةً زَاكِيَةً نَامِيَةً ظَاهِرَةً بَاطِنَةً شَرِيْفَةً فَاظِلَةً، تُبَيِّنُ بِهَا فَضْلَهُمْ عَلَى الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَالْاٰخِرِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اعْطِ مُحَمَّدًا نِ الْوَسِيْلَةَ وَالشَّرَفَ وَالْفَضِيْلَةَ وَاجْزِهِ خَيْرَ مَا جَزَيْتَ نَبِيًّا عَنْ اُمَّتِهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ وَاَعْطِ مُحَمَّدًا صَلَّى اللهُ عَلَيْهِ وَاٰلِهِ مَعَ كُلِّ زُلْفَةٍ زُلْفَةً، وَمَعَ كُلِّ وَسِيْلَةٍ وَسِيْلَةً، وَمَعَ كُلِّ فَضِيْلَةٍ فَضِيْلَةً، وَمَعَ كُلِّ شَرَفٍ شَرَفًا تُعْطِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَعْطِ مُحَمَّدًا وَاٰلَهُ يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ اَفْضَلَ مَا اَعْطَيْتَ اَحَدًا مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ والْاٰخِرِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ وَاجْعَلْ مُحَمَّدًا صَلَّى اللهُ عَلَيْهِ وَاٰلِهِ اَدْنَى الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ مِنْكَ مَجْلِسًا، وَاَفْسَحَهُمْ فِى الْجَنَّةِ عِنْدَكَ مَنْزِلًا، وَاَقْرَبَهُمْ اِلَيْكَ وَسِيْلَةً، وَاجْعَلْهُ اَوَّلَ شَافِعٍ، وَاَوَّلَ مُشَفَّعٍ، وَاَوَّلَ قَاۤئِلٍ، وَاَنْجَحَ سَاۤئِلٍ، وَابْعَثْهُ الْمَقَامَ الْمَحْمُوْدَ الَّذِيْ يَغْبِطُهُ بِهِ الْاَوَّلُوْنَ وَالْاٰخِرُوْنَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ، وَاَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاَنْ تَسْمَعَ صَوْتِيْ وَتُجِيْبَ دَعْوَتِيْ، وَتَجَاوَزَ عَنْ خَطِيْئَتِيْ، وَتَصْفَحَ عَنْ ظُلْمِيْ، وَتُنْجِحَ طَلِبَتِيْ، وَتَقْضِيَ حَاجَتِيْ، وَتُنْجِزَ لِي مَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ، وَتُقِيْلَ عَثْرَتِيْ، وَتَغْفِرَ ذُنُوْبِيْ، وَتَعْفُوَ عَنْ جُرْمِيْ، وَتُقْبِلَ عَلَيَّ وَلَاتُعْرِضَ عَنِّي، وَتَرْحَمَنِيْ وَلَا تُعَذِّبَنِيْ وَتُعَافِيَنِيْ وَلَا تَبْتَلِيَنِيْ، وَتَرْزُقَنِيْ مِنَ الرِّزْقِ اَطْيَبَهُ وَاَوْسَعَهُ وَلَا تَحْرِمْنِيْ يَا رَبِّ وَاقْضِ عَنِّي دَيْنِيْ، وَضَعْ عَنِّي وِزْرِيْ، وَلَا تُحَمِّلْنِيْ مَا لَا طَاقَةَ لِيْ بِهِ، يَامَوْلَايَ اَدْخِلْنِيْ فِيْ كُلِّ خَيْرٍ اَدْخَلْتَ فِيْهِ مُحَمَّدًا وَاٰلَ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاَخْرِجْنِيْ مِنْ كُلِّ سُوٓءٍ اَخْرَجْتَ مِنْهُ مُحَمَّدًا وَاٰلَ مُحَمَّدٍ، صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ وَعَلَيْهِمْ، وَالسَّلَامُ عَلَيْهِ وَعَلَيْهِمْ وَرَحْمَةُ اللهِ وَبَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then repeat the following words times:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَدْعُوكَ كَمَا اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ۔--You may then continue as follows:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّي اَسْاَلُكَ قَلِيْلًا مِنْ كَثِيْرٍ مَعَ حَاجَةٍ بِيْ اِلَيْهِ عَظِيْمَةٍ، وَغِنَاكَ عَنْهُ قَدِيْمٌ، وَهُوَ عِنْدِيْ كَثِيْرٌ، وَهُوَ عَلَيْكَ سَهْلٌ يَسِيْرٌ، فَامْنُنْ عَلَيَّ بِهِ اِنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيْرٌ، اٰمِيْنَ رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔--Fifth: It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer that begins with:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَا اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ۔۔۔--Because of its lengthiness, this supplicatory prayer will not be mentioned herein. However, the gentle readers are advised to refer to the books of Iqbal al-A’mal or Zad al-Ma’ad to find it.\r\n\r\nSixth: In al-Muqni’ah, Shaykh al-Mufid has narrated on the authority of the trustworthy master scholar, Ali ibn Mahziyar, that Imam Muhammad al-Yaqi(a.s.) said that it is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer as many times as possible during the month of Ramadan on days and at nights from the beginning of the month to its end:\r\n\r\n--يَا ذَا الَّذِيْ كَانَ قَبْلَ كُلِّ شَيْءٍ، ثُمَّ خَلَقَ كُلَّ شَيْءٍ، ثُمَّ يَبْقٰى وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ شَيْءٍ، يَا ذَا الَّذِيْ لَيْسَ كَمِثْلِهِ شَيْءٌ، وَيَا ذَا الَّذِيْ لَيْسَ فِي السَّمَاوَاتِ الْعُلٰى، وَلَا فِى الْاَرَضِيْنَ الْسُفْلٰى، وَلَا فَوْقَهُنَّ وَلَا تَحْتَهُنَّ، وَلَا بَيْنَهُنَّ اِلـٰهٌ يُعْبَدُ غَيْرُهُ لَكَ الْحَمْدُ حَمْدًا لَا يَقْوٰى عَلٰى اِحْصَآئِهِ اِلَّا اَنْتَ، فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمِّدٍ صَلَاةً لَا يَقْوٰى عَلٰى اِحْصَآئِهَا اِلَّا اَنْتَ۔--Seventh: Al-Kaf’ami, in al-Balad al-Amin and al-Misbah, has quoted from Kitab al-Ikhtiyar of Sayyid Ibn Baqi that if one says the following supplicatory prayer everyday in Ramadan, Almighty Allah will forgive the sins he has committed for forty years:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ رَبَّ شَهْرِ رَمَضَانَ الَّذِيْ اَنْزَلْتَ فِيْهِ الْقُرْاٰنَ، وَافْتَرَضْتَ عَلٰى عِبَادِكَ فِيْهِ الصِّيَامَ، ارْزُقْنِيْ حَجَّ بَيْتِكَ الْحَرَامِ فِي هٰذَا الْعَامِ وَفِي كُلِّ عَامٍ، وَاغْفِرْ لِيَ الذُّنُوْبَ الْعِظَامَ فَاِنَّهُ لَا يَغْفِرُهَا غَيْرُكَ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَالْاِكْرَامِ۔--Eighth: It is recommended to repeat the following doxology (zikr) one hundred times every day in Ramadan, as is mentioned by al-Fayd al-Kashani in Khulasat al-Adhkar.\r\n\r\n--سُبْحَانَ الضَّارِّ النَّافِعِ، سُبْحَانَ الْقَاضِيْ بِالْحَقِّ، سُبْحَانَ الْعَلِيِّ الْاَعْلٰى، سُبْحَانَهُ وَبِحَمْدِهِ، سُبْحَانَهُ وَتَعَالٰى۔--Ninth: In his book of al-Muqni’ah, Shaykh al-Mufid has mentioned that one of the most advisable rites in Ramadan is to invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet at least one hundred times a day; and the more the better.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Second: He has also said: It is recommended to say the following doxology (zikr) (zikr) everyday in Ramadan. It consists of ten parts; each part comprises ten phrases of glorification of Almighty Allah:\r\n\r\n Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be-to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words. Glory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah, the All-hearing; there is nothing is more hearing than He is. He hears from above His Throne what is under seven layers of the earth. He hears that which is in the murk of lands and oceans. He hears the moaning and the complaints. He hears the secret and what is more veiled than secrets. He hears the inspirations of hearts. No sound can ever deafen His hearing. Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words.\r\n\r\nGlory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah, the All-seeing; there is nothing more seeing than He is. He sees from above His Throne what is under seven, layers of the earth. He sees that which is in the murk of lands and oceans. Visions cannot comprehend Him. He comprehends all visions. He is the Knower of subtleties, the Aware. Darkness cannot screen His sight. None can hide from Him behind any screen. No wall can ever prevent Him from seeing. No land and no ocean can ever be absent from Him. No mountain can ever conceal its root from Him or conceals its center from Him. No side of it can conceal its center from Him. Neither big nor small thing can ever hide from Him. No tiny thing can ever be unseen by Him due to its smallness. Surely, nothing is hidden from Him in the earth or in the heavens. He it is Who fashions you in the wombs as pleases Him. There is no god save Him; the Almighty, the Wise. Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate.\r\n\r\nGlory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words. Glory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah Who raises the heavy clouds. The thunder declares His glory with His praise, and the angels too for awe of Him; and He sends the thunderbolts and smites with them whom He pleases. He sends forth the winds bearing good news before His mercy. He causes water to descend from the heavens through His Word. He causes plants to grow out of His power. Leaves fall down by His knowledge. Glory be to Allah: not the weight of an atom becomes absent from Him, in the heavens or in the earth, and neither less than that nor greater, but (all) is in a clear book. Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen.\r\n\r\nGlory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words. Glory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah Who knows what every female bears, and that of which the wombs fall short of completion and that in which they increase; and there is a measure with Him of everything. The knower of the unseen and the seen, the Great, the Most High. Alike to Him among you is he who conceals his words and he who speaks them openly, and he who hides himself by night and who goes forth by day. For his sake, there are angels following one another, before him and behind him, who guard him by Allah’s commandment. Glory be to Allah Who causes the alive to die and restores the dead to life. He knows indeed what the earth diminishes of them and He causes what We please to stay in the wombs till an appointed time. Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light.\r\n\r\nGlory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words. Glory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah, Master of the Kingdom! You give the kingdom to whomsoever You please and take away the kingdom from whomsoever You please, and You exalt whom You please and abase whom You please in You hand is the good. Surely, You have power over all things. You make the night to pass into the day and You make the day to pass into the night, and You bring forth the living from the dead and You bring forth the dead from the living, and You give sustenance to whom You please without measure. Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words.\r\n\r\nGlory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah with Whom are the keys of the unseen treasures. None knows them but He. He knows what is in the land and the sea, and there falls not a leaf but He knows it, nor a grain in the darkness of the earth, nor anything green nor dry but it is all in a clear book. Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words. Glory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah. No speaker can ever declare His actual praiseworthiness. All the thankful ones and worshippers cannot thank Him adequately for His (innumerable) bounties. He is as same as He has described Himself and above whatever we say about Him. Allah, the Glorified, is as same as He has praised Himself, by saying: “They cannot comprehend anything out of His knowledge except what He pleases. His knowledge extends over the heavens and the earth, and the preservation of them both tires Him not, and He is the Most High, the Great.” Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner.\r\n\r\nGlory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words. Glory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah Who knows that which goes down into the earth and that which comes out of it, and knows that which comes down from the heaven and that which goes up to it. That which goes down into the earth does not occupy Him from that which comes down from the heavens and that which goes up to it. That which comes down from the heavens and that which goes up to it does not occupy Him from that which goes down into the earth and that which comes out of it. The knowledge of anything does not occupy Him from the knowledge of something else. The creation of anything does not occupy Him from the creation of something else. The preservation of anything does not occupy Him from the preservation of something else. Nothing is equal to Him. Nothing is His match. Nothing is like Him. He is the All-hearing, the All-seeing.\r\n\r\nGlory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words. Glory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah, the Originator of the heavens and the earth, the Maker of the angels, messengers flying on wings, two, and three, and four. He increases in creation what He pleases. Surely, Allah has power over all things. Whatever Allah grants to men of His mercy, there is none to withhold it, and what He withholds there is none to send it forth after that. He is the Mighty, the Wise. Glory be to Allah, the Shaper of breathes. Glory be to Allah, the Fashioner. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all pairs. Glory be to Allah, the Maker of darkness and light. Glory be to Allah the Causer of the grain and the stone to germinate. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of all things. Glory be to Allah, the Creator of the seen and the unseen. Glory be to Allah as much as the ink of His Words. Glory be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. Glory be to Allah Who knows whatever is in the heavens and whatever is in the earth. Nowhere is there a secret counsel between three persons but He is the fourth of them, nor (between) five but He is the sixth of them, nor less than that nor more but He is with them wherever they are. Then, He will inform them of what they did on the Day of Resurrection. Surely, Allah is Cognizant of all things.\r\n\r\nThird: Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid ibn Tawus have also said: You are advised to say the following invocation of blessings upon the Holy Prophet everyday in Ramadan:\r\n\r\nVerily, Allah and His angels send blessings to the Prophet. O you who believe, Call for Divine blessings on him and salute him with a becoming salutation. Here I am at Your service, my Lord! Doing that which pleases You, and glory be to You. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad just as You have blessed and conferred benedictions upon (Prophet) Abraham and the Household of Abraham. You are verily worthy of all praise and full of all glory. O Allah, (please do) have mercy upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad just as You had mercy upon (Prophet) Abraham and the Household of Abraham. You are verily worthy of all praise and full of all glory. O Allah, (please do) send peace upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad just as You sent peace upon Noah among all the creatures. O Allah, (please do) confer favors on Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad just as You conferred a favor upon (Prophets) Moses and Aaron. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad just as You have honored us by him. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad just as You have guided us through him.\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and send his a praiseworthy standing due to which all the past and the coming generations shall covet him. Upon Muhammad and his Household be peace whenever the sun rises and sets. Upon Muhammad and his Household be peace whenever an eye twinkles or glitters. Upon Muhammad and his Household be peace whenever peace is mentioned. Upon Muhammad and his Household be peace whenever an angel glorifies or exalts Allah. Peace be upon Muhammad and his Household among the past generations. Peace be upon Muhammad and his Household among the last generations. Peace be upon Muhammad and his Household in this world and in the Hereafter. O Allah, Lord of the Holy Town, Lord of the Rukn (Corner of Ka'bah) and the Maqam (Standing-place near Ka'bah), and Lord of legality and sanctuary, (please do) convey our greetings to Muhammad, Your Prophet. O Allah, (please do) grant Muhammad brilliance, bloom, delight, honor, happiness, right of intervention, (exalted) rank, (exalted) position, nobility, elevation, and right of intercession before You on the Resurrection Day, in the best way You have ever granted to any of Your creations. (Please) grant Muhammad more than what You grant Your creatures with many folds of goodness that none can count save You.\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad with the most excellent, purest, most increasing, most growing, and best blessings that You have ever conferred on anyone from the past and the coming generations and on anyone of Your created beings. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O Allah, (please do) send blessings to 'Ali, the Commander of the Believers, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who provoke his enmity, inflict double chastisement on any one who had a hand in the shedding of his blood. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Fatimah, the daughter of Your Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him and his Household, be the supporter of those who support her, be the enemy of him who provoke her enmity, inflict double chastisement on those who wronged her, and curse those who injured Your Prophet as they injured her. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to al-Hasan and al-Husayn, the two leaders of the Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports them, be the enemy of any one who provoke their enmity, and inflict double chastisement on any one who had a hand in the shedding of their blood. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to 'Ali ibn al-Husayn, the leader of Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and inflict double chastisement upon any one who wronged him.\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad ibn 'Ali, the leader of Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and inflict double chastisement upon any one who wronged him. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Ja'far ibn Muhammad, the leader of Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and inflict double chastisement upon any one who wronged him. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Musa ibn Ja'far, the leader of Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and inflict double chastisement upon any one who had hand in the shedding of his blood. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to 'Ali ibn Musa, the leader of Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and inflict double chastisement upon any one who had a hand in the shedding of his blood. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad ibn 'AH, the leader of Muslims. be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and inflict double chastisement upon any one who wronged him. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to 'Ali ibn Muhammad, the leader of Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and inflict double chastisement upon any one who wronged him.\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) send blessings to alii as an ibn 'AH, the leader of Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and inflict double chastisement upon any one who wronged him. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to the Successor after him, the leader of Muslims, be the supporter of any one who supports him, be the enemy of any one who invokes his enmity, and expedite his Relief. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to al-Qasim and al-Tahir, the two sons of Your Prophet. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Ruqayyah, the daughter of Your Prophet and curse those who injured Your Prophet through wronging her. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Umm-Kulthum, the daughter of Your Prophet and curse those who injured Your Prophet through wronging her. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to the offspring of Your Prophet. O Allah, (please) be the representative of Your Prophet among his Household. O Allah, (please do) grant them power in the land. O Allah, (please do) include us with their troop, their aides, and their supporters on confirming the truth secretly and openly. O Allah, (please do) retaliate upon those who wronged and slew them, and those who shed their blood. And (please) save us, them, and every believing man and women the evil of all tyrants and transgressors, and every living creature that You hold it by its forelock. Verily, You are the strongest in prowess and the strongest to give an exemplary punishment.\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus adds: You may also say the following:\r\n\r\nO my means in troubles! O my Companion in hardships! O Provider of my amenities! O utmost of my desires! It is You Who conceals my defects, Who relieves my apprehensions, and Who overlooks my slips. So, (please do) forgive my sin. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy!\r\n\r\nYou may also say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I beseech You about a grief that none can relieve save You, for mercy that cannot be attained except through You, about hardship from which none can rescue except You, for desire that cannot be obtained except by You, and for a need that none can settle save You. O Allah, just as You have decided to allow me to pray You and had mercy upon me through allowing me to refer to You, so also, please, my Master, decide to respond to me in what I have prayed You for, confer upon me the favors for which I have hoped You, and grant me redemption from that against which I have resorted to You. But if I do not deserve to attain Your mercy, then, Your mercy is too wide to avoid including and covering me. If I do not deserve Your response, then, You are the worthiest of granting favors and Your mercy has covered all things. So, let Your mercy include me, O my God. O All-generous! I beseech You in the name of Your Noble Face to bless Muhammad and his Household, relieve my grief, release me from my hardship and agony, have mercy upon me out of Your mercy, and confer on me with Your favor. You are verily the Hearer of prayers, the Nigh, and the Responding.\r\n\r\nFourth: Both Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid ibn Tawus have recommended saying the following supplicatory prayer throughout the days of Ramadan:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I beseech You to grant me from the best of Your favors, and all Your favors are excellent. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your whole favor. O Allah, I beseech You to grant me from the most widespread of Your sustenance, and all Your sustenance is widespread. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your whole sustenance. O Allah, I beseech You to grant me from the most wholesome of Your bestowal, and Your entire bestowal is wholesome. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your entire bestowal. O Allah, I beseech You to grant me from Your most instant welfare, and Your entire welfare is instant. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your entire welfare. O Allah, I beseech You to grant me from You most excellent benevolence, and Your entire benevolence is excellent. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your entire benevolence. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all that through which You respond to me if I beseech You; therefore, (please do) respond to me, O Allah. And (please do) send blessings to Muhammad, Your pleased servant, chosen Messenger, trustee, Your confidant one among all Your beings, selected one among all Your servants, true Prophet, and Your much-loved one. And (please do) send blessings to (him); Your messenger, Your choicest among all people, the conveyor of good tidings (for the believers), the warner, and the luminous lantern; and (please do send blessings) to his Household, the pious and the immaculate; and to Your angels whom You have attached to Yourself and concealed against Your beings; and to Your Prophets who convey Your instructions truly; and to Your Messengers whom You have given exclusively Your Revelations and made excel the others by means of Your messages; and to Your righteous servants whom You have included with Your mercy, the guides, the well-guided, the orthodox, and Your pure saints; and to (Archangels) Gabriel, Michael, Seraph, and the Angel of Death; and to Ridwan the Keeper of Paradise; and to Malik the Keeper of Hell, and the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of Faith, and the Favorite Bearers of Your Throne; and to the two angels who watch over me— [bless them all with] blessings that You desire that the inhabitants of the heavens and the inhabitants of the earth pray You to send to them; blessings that are pure, abundant, holy, genuine, growing, evident, deep, honorable, and virtuous through which You obviously demonstrate their precedence over the past and the coming generations.\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) give Muhammad subtle way, honor, and precedence, and reward him with the best reward that You ever give to a Prophet on behalf of his nation. O Allah, (please do) give Muhammad— peace of Allah be upon him and his Household—an additional proximity with each proximity that You decide for him; and an additional subtle means with each means that You decide for him; and an additional merit with each merit that You decide for him; and an additional honor with each honor that You decide for him. And (please do) give Muhammad and his Household, on the Resurrection Day, the best of all that which You have given to any of Your creatures from the past and the coming generations. O Allah, (please do) choose for Muhammad—peace of Allah be upon him and his Household— the nearest position to You, the most expansive abode in Paradise in Your vicinity, and the most effective means to You. And (please do) make him the chief interceder, the chief mediator, the first speaker, and the most successful petitioner. And (please do) send him the Praiseworthy Standing due to which all the past and coming generations will envy him. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! I beseech You to bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, to hear my voice, to respond to my plea, to overlook my sins, to excuse my wrongdoings, to give success to my request, to grant my needs, to fulfill Your promise to me, to let off my offense, to forgive my sins, to pardon my evildoings, to accept me and not to reject me, to have mercy upon me and not to punish me, to grant me good health and not to afflict me, and to grant me from the nicest and most extensive sustenance and not to deprive me (of Your sustenance). O my Lord, (please do) help me settle my debts, relieve me of my burdens, and do not impose on me that which I have not the strength to bear. O my Master, (please do) include me with every good item with which You have included Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and take me out of any evil from which You have taken out Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, Your blessings be upon him and them. Peace, Allah’s mercy, and blessings be upon him and them.\r\n\r\nYou may then repeat the following words times:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised.\r\n\r\nYou may then continue as follows:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I ask You for a little from the very much in the midst of my many needs for which I entirely depend on You, and You, since eternity, are able to do without them, but for me, it is titanic, and for You, it is very easy and simple. So, (please do) bestow upon me with them, for You have power over all things. Respond to me, O Lord of the worlds!\r\n\r\nFifth: It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer that begins with:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised...\r\n\r\nBecause of its lengthiness, this supplicatory prayer will not be mentioned herein. However, the gentle readers are advised to refer to the books of Iqbal al-A’mal or Zad al-Ma’ad to find it.\r\n\r\nSixth: In al-Muqni’ah, Shaykh al-Mufid has narrated on the authority of the trustworthy master scholar, Ali ibn Mahziyar, that Imam Muhammad al-Yaqi (a.s.) said that it is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer as many times as possible during the month of Ramadan on days and at nights from the beginning of the month to its end:\r\n\r\nO He Who has existed before all things, then created all things, and then stays while all things vanish! O He Whose like is not found at all! O He neither in the highest heavens nor in the lowest layers of the earth, nor above them, nor beneath them, nor there is between them any god that is worshipped save Him To You be the praise that none can count save You. So, please bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad with blessings that none can count save You.\r\n\r\nSeventh: Al-Kaf’ami, in al-Balad al-Amin and al-Misbah, has quoted from Kitab al-Ikhtiyar of Sayyid Ibn Baqi that if one says the following supplicatory prayer everyday in Ramadan, Almighty Allah will forgive the sins he has committed for forty years:\r\n\r\nO Allah, the Lord of the month of Ramadan in which You revealed the Qur'an and imposed fasting on Your servants! (Please) grant me opportunity to go on pilgrimage to Your Holy House, in this year and every year, and forgive my serious sins, for none can forgive them save You, O Lord of majesty and honor.\r\n\r\nEighth: It is recommended to repeat the following doxology (zikr) (zikr) one hundred times every day in Ramadan, as is mentioned by al-Fayd al-Kashani in Khulasat al-Adhkar.\r\n\r\nGlory be to Him Who can expose anyone to loss or to gain. Glory be to the Judge with truth. Glory be to the Most High, the All-high. Glory be to Him and to glorify Him is one of His graces. Glory be to Him and most Exalted be He.\r\n\r\nNinth: In his book of al-Muqni’ah, Shaykh al-Mufid has mentioned that one of the most advisable rites in Ramadan is to invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet at least one hundred times a day; and the more the better."
}