{
    "content": "--يَارَبَّ لَيْلَةِ الْقَدْرِ وَجَاعِلَهَا خَيْرًا مِنْ اَلْفِ شَهْرٍ، وَرَبَّ اللَّيْلِ وَالنَّهَارِ وَالْجِبَالِ وَالْبِحَارِ وَالظُّلَمِ وَالْاَنْوَارِ وَالْاَرْضِ وَالسَّمَاۤءِ، يَابَارِيُ يَامُصَوِّرُ يَاحَنَّانُ يَامَنَّانُ، يَااَللهُ يَارْحَمٰنُ يَااَللهُ يَاقَيُّوْمُ يَااَللهُ يَابَدِيْعُ، يَااَللهُ يَااَللهُ يَااَللهُ لَكَ الْاَسَّمَاۤءُ الْحُسْنٰى، وَالْاَمْثَالُ الْعُلْيَا، وَالْكِبْرِيَاۤءُ وَالْاٰلَاۤءُ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاَنْ تَجْعَلَ اسْمِيْ فِي هٰذِهِ اللَّيْلَةِ فِي السُّعَدَاۤءِ، وَرُوْحِيْ مَعَ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ، وَاِحْسَانِيْ فِيْ عِلِّيِّيْنَ، وَاِسَآئَتِيْ مَغْفُوْرَةً، وَاَنْ تَهَبَ لِيْ يَقِيْنًا تُبَاشِرُ بِهِ قَلْبِيْ، وَاِيْمَانًا يُذْهِبُ الشَّكَّ عَنِّي، وَتُرْضِيَنِيْ بِمَا قَسَمْتَ لِيْ، وَاٰتِنَا فِي الدُّنْيَا حَسَنَةً، وَفِي الْاٰخِرَةِ حَسَنَةً، وَقِنَا عَذَابَ النَّارِ الْحَرِيْقِ، وَارْزُقْنِيْ فِيْهَا ذِكْرَكَ وَشُكْرَكَ وَالرَّغْبَةَ اِلَيْكَ وَالْاِنَابَةَ وَالتَّوْبَةَ وَالتَّوْفِيْقَ لِمَا وَفَّقْتَ لَهُ مُحَمَّدًا وَاٰلَ مُحَمَّدٍ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "O Lord of the Grand Night Who decided it to be better than one thousand months! O Lord of night, day, mountains, oceans, darkness, light, the earth, and the heavens! O Maker! O Fashioner! O All-tender! O Allfavorer! O Allah! O All-beneficent! O Allah! O Self-Subsisting! O Allah! O wonderful Originator! O Allah! O Allah! O Allah! To You are the Most Excellent Names, the most elevated examples, greatness, and bounties. I beseech You to bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, include my name with the list of the happiest ones, add my soul to the martyrs, record my good deeds in the most exalted rank, decide my offense to be forgiven, grant me certitude that fills in my heart and faith that removes doubt from me, make me feel satisfied with that which You decide for me, grant us reward in this world and reward in the Hereafter, save us from the torment of the burning Fire, and confer upon us at this night Your mentioning, thanking You, desiring for You, turning to You, and success to that to which You led Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, peace be upon him and them."
}