{
    "content": "THE TWENTY-FIFTH NIGHT OF ZILQAD;\r\n\r\nThe Earth Spreading night\r\n\r\nThis night is called laylat dahw al-ard (the night at which the earth was spread on the water where the Holy Ka’bah is now situated). Being distinctively honorable, at this night the mercy of Almighty Allah is poured on people. A great reward is obtained by those who practice acts of worship at this night. Ali ibn al-Hasan al-Washsha’ has narrated that when he was young, he was with his father in the hospitality of Imam al-Rida(a.s.) at the twenty-fifth night of Dhu’l-Qa’dah. After they had their supper, Imam al-Rida(a.s.) said, “At the twenty-fifth night of Dhu’l-Qa’dah, Prophet Abraham was born, Prophet Jesus the son of Mary was born, and the earth was spread on the water where the Holy Ka’bah is now situated. Hence, if one observes fasting on this day, he will be given the reward of observing fasting in sixth months.” According to another narration, Imam al-Rida(a.s.) added, “Verily, on this day, al-Qa’im (i.e. Imam al-Mahdi) will appear.”\r\n\r\nTHE TWENTY-FIFTH OF ZILQAD;\r\n\r\nThe Earth Spreading Day\r\n\r\nThe twenty-fifth of Dhu’l-Qa’dah is one of the four days on which fasting is exclusively confirmed. According to a narration, to observe fasting on this day is equal to seventy year fasting. It also erases the sins of seventy years. According to another narration, to observe fasting on this day and to practice acts of worship at its night is equal (in reward) to one hundred year worship. Everything that is between the sky and the earth will ask God’s forgiveness for one who does these rites. On this day, the mercy of Almighty Allah has been spread. To practice acts of worship and hold sessions for mentioning Almighty Allah on this day bring about an abundant reward. Apart from fasting, acts of worship, remembrance of Almighty Allah, and bathing, there are two other acts that are advisably done on this day:\r\n\r\nFirst: The books written by Shi’ite scholars of Qumm have mentioned that, on this day, it is recommended to offer, in the morning, a prayer consisting of two units, reciting in the each unit Surah al-Faatehah once and repeating Surah al-Shams (No. 91) five times. After accomplishment, the following litany is said:\r\n\r\n--لَا حَوْلَ وَ لَا قُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللّٰهِ الْعَلِيِّ الْعَظِيْمِ--Then, one may pray Almighty Allah for granting his needs and then say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--يَا مُقِيْلَ الْعَثَرَاتِ اَقِلْنِيْ عَثْرَتِيْ يَا مُجِيْبَ الدَّعَوَاتِ اَجِبْ دَعْوَتِيْ يَا سَامِعَ الْاَصْوَاتِ اسْمَعْ صَوْتِيْ وَ ارْحَمْنِيْ وَ تَجَاوَزْ عَنْ سَيِّئَاتِيْ وَ مَا عِنْدِيْ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ۔--Second: In Misbah al-Mutahajjid, Shaykh al-Tusi has mentioned that it is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer on this day:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ دَاحِيَ الْكَعْبَةِ وَ فَالِقَ الْحَبَّةِ وَ صَارِفَ اللَّزْبَةِ وَ كَاشِفَ كُلِّ كُرْبَةٍ اَسْاَلُكَ فِيْ هٰذَا الْيَوْمِ مِنْ اَيَّامِكَ الَّتِيْ اَعْظَمْتَ حَقَّهَا وَ اَقْدَمْتَ سَبْقَهَا وَ جَعَلْتَهَا عِنْدَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَدِيْعَةً وَ اِلَيْكَ ذَرِيْعَةً وَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ الْوَسِيْعَةِ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ عَبْدِكَ الْمُنْتَجَبِ فِي الْمِيْثَاقِ الْقَرِيْبِ يَوْمَ التَّلَاقِ فَاتِقِ كُلِّ رَتْقٍ وَ دَاعٍ اِلٰى كُلِّ حَقٍّ وَ عَلٰىۤ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ الْاَطْهَارِ الْهُدَاةِ الْمَنَارِ دَعَاۤئِمِ الْجَبَّارِ وَ وُلَاةِ الْجَنَّةِ وَ النَّارِ وَ اَعْطِنَا فِيْ يَوْمِنَا هٰذَا مِنْ عَطَاۤئِكَ الْمَخْزُوْنِ غَيْرَ مَقْطُوْعٍ وَ لَا مَمْنُوْعٍ تَجْمَعُ لَنَا بِهِ التَّوْبَةَ وَ حُسْنَ الْاَوْبَةِ، يَا خَيْرَ مَدْعُوٍّ وَ اَكْرَمَ مَرْجُوٍّ يَا كَفِيُّ يَا وَفِيُّ يَا مَنْ لُطْفُهُ خَفِيٌّ اُلْطُفْ لِيْ بِلُطْفِكَ وَ اَسْعِدْنِيْ بِعَفْوِكَ وَ اَيِّدْنِيْ بِنَصْرِكَ وَ لَا تُنْسِنِيْ كَرِيْمَ ذِكْرِكَ بِوُلَاةِ اَمْرِكَ وَ حَفَظَةِ سِرِّكَ وَ احْفَظْنِيْ مِنْ شَوَاۤئِبِ الدَّهْرِ اِلٰى يَوْمِ الْحَشْرِ وَ النَّشْرِ وَ اَشْهِدْنِيْۤ اَوْلِيَاۤءَكَ عِنْدَ خُرُوْجِ نَفْسِيْ وَ حُلُوْلِ رَمْسِيْ وَ انْقِطَاعِ عَمَلِيْ وَ انْقِضَاۤءِ اَجَلِيْۤ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اذْكُرْنِيْ عَلٰى طُوْلِ الْبِلٰىۤ اِذَا حَلَلْتُ بَيْنَ اَطْبَاقِ الثَّرٰى وَ نَسِيَنِيَ النَّاسُوْنَ مِنَ الْوَرٰى وَ اَحْلِلْنِيْ دَارَ الْمُقَامَةِ وَ بَوِّئْنِيْ مَنْزِلَ الْكَرَامَةِ، وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ مِنْ مُرَافِقِيْ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ وَ اَهْلِ اجْتِبَاۤئِكَ وَ اصْطِفَاۤئِكَ وَ بَارِكْ لِيْ فِيْ لِقَاۤئِكَ وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ حُسْنَ الْعَمَلِ قَبْلَ حُلُوْلِ الْاَجَلِ بَرِيْئًا مِنَ الزَّلَلِ وَ سُوْۤءِ الْخَطَلِ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اَوْرِدْنِيْ حَوْضَ نَبِيِّكَ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اسْقِنِيْ مِنْهُ مَشْرَبًا رَوِيًّا سَاۤئِغًا هَنِيْۤئًا لَاۤ اَظْمَاُ بَعْدَهُ وَ لَاۤ اَحْلَاُ وِرْدَهُ وَ لَا عَنْهُ اُذَادُ وَ اجْعَلْهُ لِيْ خَيْرَ زَادٍ وَ اَوْفٰى مِيْعَادٍ يَوْمَ يَقُوْمُ الْاَشْهَادُ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ الْعَنْ جَبَابِرَةَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ بِحُقُوْقِ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ الْمُسْتَأْثِرِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اقْصِمْ دَعَاۤئِمَهُمْ وَ اَهْلِكْ اَشْيَاعَهُمْ وَ عَامِلَهُمْ وَ عَجِّلْ مَهَالِكَهُمْ وَ اسْلُبْهُمْ مَمَالِكَهُمْ وَ ضَيِّقْ عَلَيْهِمْ مَسَالِكَهُمْ وَ الْعَنْ مُسَاهِمَهُمْ وَ مُشَارِكَهُمْ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ عَجِّلْ فَرَجَ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ وَ ارْدُدْ عَلَيْهِمْ مَظَالِمَهُمْ وَ اَظْهِرْ بِالْحَقِّ قَاۤئِمَهُمْ وَ اجْعَلْهُ لِدِيْنِكَ مُنْتَصِرًا وَ بِاَمْرِكَ فِيْۤ اَعْدَاۤئِكَ مُؤْتَمِرًا اَللّٰهُمَّ احْفُفْهُ بِمَلَاۤئِكَةِ النَّصْرِ وَ بِمَاۤ اَلْقَيْتَ اِلَيْهِ مِنَ الْاَمْرِ فِيْ لَيْلَةِ الْقَدْرِ مُنْتَقِمًا لَكَ حَتّٰى تَرْضٰى وَ يَعُوْدَ دِيْنُكَ بِهِ وَ عَلٰى يَدَيْهِ جَدِيْدًا غَضًّا وَ يَمْحَضَ الْحَقَّ مَحْضًا وَ يَرْفِضَ الْبَاطِلَ رَفْضًا اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَيْهِ وَ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ اٰبَاۤئِهِ وَ اجْعَلْنَا مِنْ صَحْبِهِ وَ اُسْرَتِهِ وَ ابْعَثْنَا فِي كَرَّتِهِ حَتّٰى نَكُوْنَ فِيْ زَمَانِهِ مِنْ اَعْوَانِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَدْرِكْ بِنَا قِيَامَهُ وَ اَشْهِدْنَا اَيَّامَهُ وَ صَلِّ عَلَيْهِ [عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ] وَ ارْدُدْ اِلَيْنَا سَلَامَهُ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْهِ [عَلَيْهِمْ‏] وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--In his epistle entitled al-Arba’at Ayyam (The Four Days), Sayyid al-Damad has mentioned that to visit the holy tomb of Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Rida(a.s.) on the day; i.e. the Earth Spreading Day, is the most preferable act. Similarly, to visit his tomb on the first of Rajab is highly desirable; therefore, he has urged on it greatly.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "THE TWENTY-FIFTH NIGHT OF ZILQAD;\r\n\r\nThe Earth Spreading night\r\n\r\nThis night is called laylat dahw al-ard (the night at which the earth was spread on the water where the Holy Ka’bah is now situated). Being distinctively honorable, at this night the mercy of Almighty Allah is poured on people. A great reward is obtained by those who practice acts of worship at this night. Ali ibn al-Hasan al-Washsha’ has narrated that when he was young, he was with his father in the hospitality of Imam al-Rida (a.s.) at the twenty-fifth night of Dhu’l-Qa’dah. After they had their supper, Imam al-Rida (a.s.) said, “At the twenty-fifth night of Dhu’l-Qa’dah, Prophet Abraham was born, Prophet Jesus the son of Mary was born, and the earth was spread on the water where the Holy Ka’bah is now situated. Hence, if one observes fasting on this day, he will be given the reward of observing fasting in sixth months.” According to another narration, Imam al-Rida (a.s.) added, “Verily, on this day, al-Qa’im (i.e. Imam al-Mahdi) will appear.”\r\n\r\nThe twenty-fifth of Dhu’l-Qa’dah;\r\n\r\nThe Earth Spreading Day\r\n\r\nThe twenty-fifth of Dhu’l-Qa’dah is one of the four days on which fasting is exclusively confirmed. According to a narration, to observe fasting on this day is equal to seventy year fasting. It also erases the sins of seventy years. According to another narration, to observe fasting on this day and to practice acts of worship at its night is equal (in reward) to one hundred year worship. Everything that is between the sky and the earth will ask God’s forgiveness for one who does these rites. On this day, the mercy of Almighty Allah has been spread. To practice acts of worship and hold sessions for mentioning Almighty Allah on this day bring about an abundant reward. Apart from fasting, acts of worship, remembrance of Almighty Allah, and bathing, there are two other acts that are advisably done on this day:\r\n\r\nFirst: The books written by Shi’ite scholars of Qumm have mentioned that, on this day, it is recommended to offer, in the morning, a prayer consisting of two units, reciting in the each unit Surah al-Faatehah once and repeating Surah al-Shams (No. 91) five times. After accomplishment, the following litany is said:\r\n\r\nThere is no power and no strength except with Allah, the Most High, the All-great.\r\n\r\nThen, one may pray Almighty Allah for granting his needs and then say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO He Who overlooks slips, (please) overlook my slip. O He Who responds to prayers, (please) respond to my prayer. O He Who hears all sounds, (please) listen to mine, have mercy on me, and excuse my wrongdoings and whatever I have committed. O Lord of majesty and honor!\r\n\r\nSecond: In Misbah al-Mutahajjid, Shaykh al-Tusi has mentioned that it is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer on this day:\r\n\r\nO Allah Who spread the Ka'bah, split the kernel, removes troubles, and relieves from all distresses! I beseech You on this day, which is one of Your days whose standing You have deemed great, whom You have given preference, and whom You have put as trust with the believers and as means to approaching to You; and [I beseech You] in the name of Your ample mercy to send blessings to Muhammad, Your servant that You have selected in the Nigh Covenant on the Meeting Day, the splitter of all joined things and the caller to all truths, and to his Household, the pure, the guides, the lanterns, the pillars of the Omnipotent (Lord), and the supervisors on Paradise and Hell, to give us on this day from Your stored gifts, gifts that are neither interrupted nor prohibited by which You join for us both repentance and acceptable return [to You]. O He Who is the best of all supplicated ones and the most generous of all hoped ones! O All-suffieer! O All-true! O He Whose grace is gentle! (Please) treat me gracefully with Your graciousness, make me feel happy with Your pardon, aid me with Your support, never make me inattentive of Your noble mention through Your Representatives and the keepers of Your secret, protect me against the vicissitudes of time up to the day of resurrection and raising (the dead to life), and make Your Representatives attend at the hour of the departure of my souls, the time of my entry to my grave, when my deed will be interrupted and my lifetime will come to its end. O Allah, (please) remember me all over the stages of trial when I will reside between the layers of the earth and the forgetful people will forget me. Allow me to dwell in the abode of eternity, settle me in the residence of honor, make me of the companions of Your intimate servants and the people of Your choice and selection, bless me by meeting You, and grant me gooddoing before the end of my lifetime, making me free from slips and foolish doing. O Allah, allow me to enter the Pool of Your Prophet, Muhammad, Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, allow me to drink from it a quenching drink that is palatable and salubrious after which I will never be thirsty, I will never be prevented from reaching it, and I will never be disallowed to approach it. Make for me the best nourishment and the most fulfilling promise on the day when the Witnesses will rise. O Allah, curse the tyrants from the past and the last generations who usurped the dues of Your Representatives. O Allah, demolish their posts, annihilate their allies and their assistants, and hasten their perdition, seize their estates, make narrow their ways, and curse their helpers and aides. Allah, (please) hasten the relief of Your Representatives, restore to them their usurped rights, cause their Riser to prevail with the truth, and make him support Your religion and carry out Your commandments about Your enemies. O Allah, make the angels of victory surround him and so are the commandments that You addressed to him at the Destiny Night so that he will punish Your enemies on behalf of You until You are pleased, Your religion will recover its freshness and bloom at his hands, he will clean the truth with thorough cleaning, and he will reject the wrong with absolute rejection. O Allah, send blessings to him and to all of his forefathers, include us with his companions and group, and resurrect us during his return so that we will live in his age and become of his helpers. O Allah, make us catch up his advent, make us witness his days, bless him, and convey to us his greetings. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him.\r\n\r\nIn his epistle entitled al-Arba’at Ayyam (The Four Days), Sayyid al-Damad has mentioned that to visit the holy tomb of Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Rida (a.s.) on the day; i.e. the Earth Spreading Day, is the most preferable act. Similarly, to visit his tomb on the first of Rajab is highly desirable; therefore, he has urged on it greatly."
}