{
    "content": "DAY OF ARAFAT (9TH ZILHAJ)\r\n\r\nAlthough it is not included with the feasts of Islam, the ninth of Dhu’l-Hijjah is one of the great feast days in Islam. On this day, Almighty Allah commanded His servants to obey and worship Him. He thus extended for them the tables of His benevolence and magnanimity. On this day too, Satan becomes abject, lowly, expelled, and angry more than any other day.\r\n\r\nIt is narrated that Imam Zayn al-’Abidin (a.s.), on the ninth of Dhu’l-Hijjah, heard someone begging people for financial aid. The Imam (a.s.) said to him, “Woe is you! On such a day, do you beg other than Almighty Allah? On this day, even fetuses in wombs are expected to be included with the mercy of Almighty Allah and they will be delighted.\r\n\r\nThe devotional acts on this day are as follows:\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to perform bathing on this day.\r\n\r\nSecond: It is recommended to visit the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.), for its reward is equal to the reward of one thousand times of Hajj, one thousand times of ‘Umrah, and one thousand times of jihad (holy war), and even more. The narrations entailing the great merits and rewards of visiting the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) on the ninth of Dhu’l-Hijjah have been uninterruptedly reported. If fact, the reward of visiting the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) and having the honor of attending therein is not less than the reward of attending on Mount ‘Arafat and even more.\r\n\r\nThe form of Ziyarah on this day will be cited in the coming book of Ziyarat.\r\n\r\nThird: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer immediately after the obligatory Asr Prayer before saying the supplicatory prayers of ‘Arafat. This prayer should be offered outdoors and it should include confessions of sins. One who offers this prayer will be granted the reward of attending on Mount ‘Arafat and having all sins forgiven.\r\n\r\nAfter this prayer, it is recommended to begin with the acts and supplications of the ‘Arafat Day that are reported from the Holy Infallibles (a.s.). Although these acts and supplications are too numerous to be mentioned in this book, I will try to mention a number of them that is compatible to the size of this book:\r\n\r\nIn al-Misbah, al-Kaf’ami says that it is recommended to observe fasting on the ‘Arafat Day, unless fasting prevents from saying the supplications. It is also recommended to bathe oneself before midday (zohr) (zohr) and to visit the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) on day and night. At midday (zohr) (zohr), it is recommended to leave one’s house and offer the obligatory Zohr and Asr prayers outdoors with complete performance of their parts. After accomplishment, it is recommended to offer a two unit prayer reciting Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Tawheed in the first unit and Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Kafirun in the second. After that, it is recommended to offer a four unit prayer reciting at each unit Surah al-Faatehah once and repeating Surah al-Tawheed fifty times.\r\n\r\nThis is in fact the prayer of Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen(a.s.) that has been already mentioned in this book within the rites of Fridays.\r\n\r\nIn Iqbal al-A’mal, Sayyid Ibn Tawus says:\r\n\r\nSay the following doxology (zikr) that is reported from the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.):\r\n\r\n--سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ فِيْ السَّمَاۤءِ عَرْشُهُ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ فِي الْاَرْضِ حُكْمُهُ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ فِيْ الْقُبُوْرِ قَضَاۤؤُهُ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ فِي الْبَحْرِ سَبِيْلُهُ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ فِيْ النَّارِ سُلْطَانُهُ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ فِي الْجَنَّةِ رَحْمَتُهُ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ فِي الْقِيَامَةِ عَدْلُهُ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ رَفَعَ السَّمَاۤءَ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ بَسَطَ الْاَرْضَ سُبْحَانَ الَّذِيْ لَا مَلْجَاَ وَ لَا مَنْجٰى مِنْهُ اِلَّا اِلَيْهِ۔--Then, repeat the following doxology (zikr) one hundred times:\r\n\r\n--سُبْحَانَ اللّٰهِ وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ وَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَ اللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ۔--Then, repeat Surah al-Tawheed one hundred times, Ayah al-Kursi one hundred times, and invoke blessings upon Muhammad and his Household one hundred times.\r\n\r\nThen, repeat the following doxological and supplicatory statements ten times each:\r\n\r\n--لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ لَهُ الْمُلْكُ وَ لَهُ الْحَمْدُ يُحْيِيْ وَ يُمِيْتُ وَ يُمِيْتُ وَ يُحْيِيْ وَ هُوَ حَيٌّ لَا يَمُوْتُ بِيَدِهِ الْخَيْرُ وَ هُوَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ قَدِيْرٌ۔ اَسْتَغْفِرُ اللّٰهَ الَّذِيْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ الْحَيُّ الْقَيُّوْمُ وَ اَتُوْبُ اِلَيْهِ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَحْمٰنُ يَا رَحِيْمُ يَا بَدِيْعَ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَ الْاَرْضِ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ يَا حَيُّ يَا قَيُّوْمُ يَا حَنَّانُ يَا مَنَّانُ۔ يَا لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ اٰمِيْنَ--Then, say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ يَا مَنْ هُوَ اَقْرَبُ اِلَيَّ مِنْ حَبْلِ الْوَرِيْدِ يَا مَنْ يَحُوْلُ بَيْنَ الْمَرْءِ وَ قَلْبِهِ يَا مَنْ هُوَ بِالْمَنْظَرِ الْاَعْلٰى وَ بِالْاُفُقِ الْمُبِيْنِ يَا مَنْ هُوَ الرَّحْمٰنُ عَلَى الْعَرْشِ اسْتَوٰى يَا مَنْ لَيْسَ كَمِثْلِهِ شَيْ‏ءٌ وَ هُوَ السَّمِيْعُ الْبَصِيْرُ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ--The, submit your needs and they will be granted, by the permission of Almighty Allah.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following supplicatory prayer that is reported from Imam al-Sadiq(a.s.) who said: If you wish to please Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad - peace be upon them all - you may say the following invocation:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ يَا اَجْوَدَ مَنْ اَعْطٰى وَ يَا خَيْرَ مَنْ سُئِلَ وَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ مَنِ اسْتُرْحِمَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ فِيْ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ فِي الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ فِي الْمَلَاِ الْاَعْلٰى وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ فِيْ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَعْطِ مُحَمَّدًا وَ اٰلَهُ الْوَسِيْلَةَ وَ الْفَضِيْلَةَ وَ الشَّرَفَ وَ الرِّفْعَةَ وَ الدَّرَجَةَ الْكَبِيْرَةَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اٰمَنْتُ بِمُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ لَمْ اَرَهُ فَلَا تَحْرِمْنِيْ فِيْ [يَوْمَ‏] الْقِيَامَةِ رُؤْيَتَهُ وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ صُحْبَتَهُ وَ تَوَفَّنِيْ عَلٰى مِلَّتِهِ وَ اسْقِنِيْ مِنْ حَوْضِهِ مَشْرَبًا رَوِيًّا سَاۤئِغًا هَنِيْۤئًا لَاۤ اَظْمَاُ بَعْدَهُ اَبَدًا اِنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ قَدِيْرٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اٰمَنْتُ بِمُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ لَمْ اَرَهُ فَعَرِّفْنِيْ فِيْ الْجِنَانِ وَجْهَهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ بَلِّغْ مُحَمَّدًا صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ مِنِّيْ تَحِيَّةً كَثِيْرَةً وَ سَلَامًا--You may then say the famous supplicatory prayer known as Dua Ummi-Dawud, which has been previously cited within the devotional acts of Rajab.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following doxology (zikr) whose reward is too much to be mentioned in this book:\r\n\r\n--سُبْحَانَ اللهِ قَبْلَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ بَعْدَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ مَعَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ يَبْقٰى رَبُّنَا وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ اَحَدٍ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيرًا قَبْلَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا بَعْدَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا مَعَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا لِرَبِّنَا الْبَاقِىْ وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ اَحَدٍ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ تَسْبِيْحًا لَا يُحْصٰى وَلَا يُدْرٰى وَلَا يُنْسٰى وَلَا يَبْلىٰ وَلَا يَفْنٰى وَلَيْسَ لَهُ مُنْتَهٰى، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَدُوْمُ بِدَوَامِهِ وَيَبْقٰى بِبَقَاۤئِهِ فِىْ سِنِى الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَشُهُوْرِ الدُّهُوْرِ وَاَيَّامِ الدُّنْيَا وَسَاعَاتِ اللَّيْلِ وَالنَّهَارِ، وَسُبْحَانَ اللهِ اَبَدَ الْاَبَدِ وَمَعَ الْاَبَدِ مِمَّا لَا يُحْصِيْهِ الْعَدَدُ وَلَا يُفْنِيْهِ الْاَمَدُ وَلَا يَقْطَعَهُ الْاَبَدُ، وَتَبَارَكَ اللهُ اَحْسَنُ الْخَالِقِيْنَ۔ وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ قَبْلَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ بَعْدَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ مَعَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ يَبْقٰى رَبُّنَا وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ اَحَدٍ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيرًا قَبْلَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا بَعْدَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا مَعَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا لِرَبِّنَا الْبَاقِىْ وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ اَحَدٍ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ تَسْبِيْحًا لَا يُحْصٰى وَلَا يُدْرٰى وَلَا يُنْسٰى وَلَا يَبْلىٰ وَلَا يَفْنٰى وَلَيْسَ لَهُ مُنْتَهٰى، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ تَسْبِيْحًا يَدُوْمُ بِدَوَامِهِ وَيَبْقٰى بِبَقَاۤئِهِ فِىْ سِنِى الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَشُهُوْرِ الدُّهُوْرِ وَاَيَّامِ الدُّنْيَا وَسَاعَاتِ اللَّيْلِ وَالنَّهَارِ، وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ اَبَدَ الْاَبَدِ وَمَعَ الْاَبَدِ مِمَّا لَا يُحْصِيْهِ الْعَدَدُ وَلَا يُفْنِيْهِ الْاَمَدُ وَلَا يَقْطَعَهُ الْاَبَدُ، وَتَبَارَكَ اللهُ اَحْسَنُ الْخَالِقِيْنَ۔ لَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ قَبْلَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ بَعْدَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ مَعَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ يَبْقٰى رَبُّنَا وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ اَحَدٍ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيرًا قَبْلَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا بَعْدَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا مَعَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا لِرَبِّنَا الْبَاقِىْ وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ اَحَدٍ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ تَسْبِيْحًا لَا يُحْصٰى وَلَا يُدْرٰى وَلَا يُنْسٰى وَلَا يَبْلىٰ وَلَا يَفْنٰى وَلَيْسَ لَهُ مُنْتَهٰى، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَدُوْمُ بِدَوَامِهِ وَيَبْقٰى بِبَقَاۤئِهِ فِىْ سِنِى الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَشُهُوْرِ الدُّهُوْرِ وَاَيَّامِ الدُّنْيَا وَسَاعَاتِ اللَّيْلِ وَالنَّهَارِ، وَلَاِ الٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ اَبَدَ الْاَبَدِ وَمَعَ الْاَبَدِ مِمَّا لَا يُحْصِيْهِ الْعَدَدُ وَلَا يُفْنِيْهِ الْاَمَدُ وَلَا يَقْطَعَهُ الْاَبَدُ، وَتَبَارَكَ اللهُ اَحْسَنُ الْخَالِقِيْنَ۔ وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ قَبْلَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ بَعْدَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ مَعَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ يَبْقٰى رَبُّنَا وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ اَحَدٍ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيرًا قَبْلَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا بَعْدَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا مَعَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَفْضُلُ تَسْبِيْحَ الْمُسَبِّحِيْنَ فَضْلًا كَثِيْرًا لِرَبِّنَا الْبَاقِىْ وَيَفْنٰى كُلُّ اَحَدٍ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ تَسْبِيْحًا لَا يُحْصٰى وَلَا يُدْرٰى وَلَا يُنْسٰى وَلَا يَبْلىٰ وَلَا يَفْنٰى وَلَيْسَ لَهُ مُنْتَهٰى، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ تَسْبِيْحًا يَدُوْمُ بِدَوَامِهِ وَيَبْقٰى بِبَقَاۤئِهِ فِىْ سِنِى الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَشُهُوْرِ الدُّهُوْرِ وَاَيَّامِ الدُّنْيَا وَسَاعَاتِ اللَّيْلِ وَالنَّهَارِ، وَاللهُ اَكْبَرُ اَبَدَ الْاَبَدِ وَمَعَ الْاَبَدِ مِمَّا لَا يُحْصِيْهِ الْعَدَدُ وَلَا يُفْنِيْهِ الْاَمَدُ وَلَا يَقْطَعَهُ الْاَبَدُ، وَتَبَارَكَ اللهُ اَحْسَنُ الْخَالِقِيْنَ۔--You may then say the famous supplicatory prayer, which begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ مَنْ تَعَبَّاَ وَ تَهَيَّاَ--This supplicatory prayer has been previously mentioned within the rites at Friday nights.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the supplicatory prayer that has been mentioned by Shaykh al-Tusi in Misbah al-Mutahajjid. It is ascribed to Imam Zayn al-’Abidin (a.s.) and it begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ اللهُ رَبُّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ--It is worth mentioning that this supplicatory prayer, which has not been cited herein because of its lengthiness, is also advisably said during the ritual of al-wuquf ‘ala‘arafah (Halting At Mount ‘Arafat), which is one of the rituals of Hajj.\r\n\r\nIt is also highly advisable to say the forty-seventh supplication of al-Sahifah al-Kamilah al-Sajjadiyyah. It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer, which comprises all the requirements of worldly and religious life, with reverence.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "DAY OF ARAFAT (9TH ZILHAJ)\r\n\r\nAlthough it is not included with the feasts of Islam, the ninth of Dhu’l-Hijjah is one of the great feast days in Islam. On this day, Almighty Allah commanded His servants to obey and worship Him. He thus extended for them the tables of His benevolence and magnanimity. On this day too, Satan becomes abject, lowly, expelled, and angry more than any other day.\r\n\r\nIt is narrated that Imam Zayn al-’Abidin (a.s.), on the ninth of Dhu’l-Hijjah, heard someone begging people for financial aid. The Imam (a.s.) said to him, “Woe is you! On such a day, do you beg other than Almighty Allah? On this day, even fetuses in wombs are expected to be included with the mercy of Almighty Allah and they will be delighted.\r\n\r\nThe devotional acts on this day are as follows:\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to perform bathing on this day.\r\n\r\nSecond: It is recommended to visit the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.), for its reward is equal to the reward of one thousand times of Hajj, one thousand times of ‘Umrah, and one thousand times of jihad (holy war), and even more. The narrations entailing the great merits and rewards of visiting the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) on the ninth of Dhu’l-Hijjah have been uninterruptedly reported. If fact, the reward of visiting the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) and having the honor of attending therein is not less than the reward of attending on Mount ‘Arafat and even more.\r\n\r\nThe form of Ziyarah on this day will be cited in the coming book of Ziyarat.\r\n\r\nThird: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer immediately after the obligatory Asr Prayer before saying the supplicatory prayers of ‘Arafat. This prayer should be offered outdoors and it should include confessions of sins. One who offers this prayer will be granted the reward of attending on Mount ‘Arafat and having all sins forgiven.\r\n\r\nAfter this prayer, it is recommended to begin with the acts and supplications of the ‘Arafat Day that are reported from the Holy Infallibles (a.s.). Although these acts and supplications are too numerous to be mentioned in this book, I will try to mention a number of them that is compatible to the size of this book:\r\n\r\nIn al-Misbah, al-Kaf’ami says that it is recommended to observe fasting on the ‘Arafat Day, unless fasting prevents from saying the supplications. It is also recommended to bathe oneself before midday and to visit the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) on day and night. At midday, it is recommended to leave one’s house and offer the obligatory Zohr and Asr prayers outdoors with complete performance of their parts. After accomplishment, it is recommended to offer a two unit prayer reciting Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Tawheed in the first unit and Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Kafirun in the second. After that, it is recommended to offer a four unit prayer reciting at each unit Surah al-Faatehah once and repeating Surah al-Tawheed fifty times.\r\n\r\nThis is in fact the prayer of Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen (a.s.) that has been already mentioned in this book within the rites of Fridays.\r\n\r\nIn Iqbal al-A’mal, Sayyid Ibn Tawus says:\r\n\r\nSay the following doxology (zikr) (zikr) that is reported from the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.):\r\n\r\nGlory be to Him Whose Throne is in the heavens. Glory be to Him Whose dominion is on the earth. Glory be to Him Whose decree is in the graves. Glory be to Him Whose ways are in oceans. Glory be to Him Whose authority is (clearly shown) in Hellfire. Glory be to Him Whose mercy is in Paradise. Glory be to Him Whose justice is on the Resurrection Day. Glory be to Him Who raised the skies. Glory be to Him Who expanded the earth. Glory be to Him save Whom there is no shelter and no salvation.\r\n\r\nThen, repeat the following doxology (zikr) (zikr) one hundred times:\r\n\r\nAll glory be to Allah, all praise be to Allah, there is no god save Allah, and Allah is the Greatest.\r\n\r\nThen, repeat Surah al-Tawheed one hundred times, Ayah al-Kursi one hundred times, and invoke blessings upon Muhammad and his Household one hundred times:\r\n\r\n0 Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad.\r\n\r\nThen, repeat the following doxological (zikr) and supplicatory statements ten times each:\r\n\r\n(1) There is no god save Allah, alone without having any partner. His is the kingdom and His is all praise. He grants life and causes to die and He causes to die and grants life while He is Ever-living and never dies. In His Hand is all goodness and He has power over all things. (2) I implore Allah for forgiveness. There is no god save He, the Ever-living, the Self-Subsistent; and to Him I turn repentant. (3) O Allah! (4) O All-beneficent! (5) O All-merciful! (6) O Fashioner of the heavens and the earth! (7) O Lord of majesty and honor! (8) O Ever-living! O Self-Subsistent! (9) O All-tender! O All-donor! (10) O He save Whom there is no god! (11) Respond to us.\r\n\r\nThen, say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I beseech You; O He Who is nearer to me than my life-vein! 0 He Who intervenes between man and his heart! O He Who is in the Highest Prospect and in the Evident Horizon! O He Who is the All-beneficent; on the Throne He has settled! O He like Whom there is nothing and He is the Allhearer, the All-seer! I beseech You to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad.\r\n\r\nThe, submit your needs and they will be granted, by the permission of Almighty Allah.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following supplicatory prayer that is reported from Imam al-Sadiq (a.s.) who said: If you wish to please Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad - peace be upon them all - you may say the following invocation:\r\n\r\nO Allah, O He Who is the most magnanimous of all those who may grant! O He Who is the best of all those who are asked! O He Who is the most Merciful of all those whose mercy may be sought! O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and his Household among the foremost generations, send blessings to Muhammad and his Household among the last generations, send blessings to Muhammad and his Household among the Highest Chiefs, and send blessings to Muhammad and his Household among the Messengers. O Allah, (please) grant Muhammad and his Household the right of mediation, preference, honor, loftiness, and the grand rank. O Allah, I believed in Muhammad, may Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, while I have not seen him; so, do not deprive me of seeing him on the Resurrection Day, confer upon me with the favor of accompanying him, cause me to die while I follow his creed, and allow me to drink from his Pool a drink that is quenching, palatable, and pleasant, after which I will never be thirsty. Verily, You have power over all things. O Allah, I believe in Muhammad, may Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, while I have not seen him; so, (please) show me his face in the gardens of Paradise. O Allah, convey to Muhammad, may Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, many greetings and compliments from me.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the famous supplicatory prayer known as Dua Ummi-Dawud, which has been previously cited within the devotional acts of Rajab. It begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\nTrue are the words of Allah, the All-great...\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following doxology (zikr) (zikr) whose reward is too much to be mentioned in this book:\r\n\r\nAll glory be to Allah before one and all! All glory be to Allah after one and all! All glory be to Allah with one and all! All glory be to Allah; our Lord exists eternally while the all will vanish! All glory be to Allah with such glorification that exceeds all the glorifications of those who glorify Him; with much excellence that exceeds all others. All glory be to Allah with such glorification that exceeds all the glorifications of those who glorify Him; with much excellence that remains after all others. All glory be to Allah with such glorification that exceeds all the glorifications of those who glorify Him; with much excellence that is with all others. All glory be to Allah with such glorification that exceeds all the glorifications of those who glorify Him; with much excellence to our Lord Who shall exist eternally while all others will vanish. All glory be to Allah with such glorification that is uncounted, unrealized, unforgettable, unending, unrelenting, and ceaseless. All glory be to Allah with glorification that is as eternal as He is and as remaining as He is in the years of the worlds, the months of the ages, the days of the world, and the hours of night and day. All glory be to Allah incessantly and with eternity that no number can describe it, no eternity can stop it and no eternity can interrupt it. Blessed be Allah, the best of creators. All praise be to Allah before one and all! All praise be to Allah after one and all! All praise be to Allah with one and all! All praise be to Allah; our Lord exists eternally while the all will vanish! All praise be to Allah with such praise that exceeds all the praise of those who praise Him; with much excellence that exceeds all others. All praise be to Allah with such praise that exceeds all the praise of those who praise Him; with much excellence that remains after all others. All praise be to Allah with such praise that exceeds all the praise of those who praise Him; with much excellence that is with all others. All praise be to Allah with such praise that exceeds all the praise of those who praise Him; with much excellence to our Lord Who shall exist eternally while all others will vanish. All praise be to Allah with such praise that is uncounted, unrealized, unforgettable, unending, unrelenting, and ceaseless. All praise be to Allah with praise that is as eternal as He is and as remaining as He is in the years of the worlds, the months of the ages, the days of the world, and the hours of night and day. All praise be to Allah incessantly and with eternity that no number can describe it, no eternity can stop it, and no eternity can interrupt it. Blessed be Allah, the best of creators. There is no god save Allah before one and all! There is no god save Allah after one and all! There is no god save Allah with one and all! There is no god save Allah; our Lord exists eternally while the all will vanish! There is no god save Allah with such confession of godhead that exceeds all the confessions of those who confess His godhead; with much excellence that exceeds all others. There is no god save Allah with such confession of godhead that exceeds all the confessions of those who confess His godhead; with much excellence that remains after all others. There is no god save Allah with such confession of godhead that exceeds all the confessions of those who confess His godhead; with much excellence that is with all others. There is no god save Allah with such confession of godhead that exceeds all the confessions of those who confess His godhead; with much excellence to our Lord Who shall exist eternally while all others will vanish. There is no god save Allah with such confession of His godhead that is uncounted, unrealized, unforgettable, unending, unrelenting, and ceaseless. There is no god save Allah with such confession that is as eternal as He is and as remaining as He is in the years of the worlds, the months of the ages, the days of the world, and the hours of night and day. There is no god save Allah incessantly and with eternity that no number can describe it, no eternity can stop it, and no eternity can interrupt it. Blessed be Allah, the best of creators. Allah is the Greatest before one and all! Allah is the Greatest after one and all! Allah is the Greatest with one and all! Allah is the Greatest; our Lord exists eternally while the all will vanish! Allah is the Greatest with such greatness that exceeds all the magnification of those who confess His Allgreatness; with much excellence that exceeds all others. Allah is the Greatest with such greatness that exceeds all the magnification of those who confess his Allgreatness; with much excellence that remains after all others. Allah is the Greatest with such greatness that exceeds all the magnification of those who confess his Allgreatness; with much excellence that is with all others. Allah is the Greatest with such greatness that exceeds all the magnification of those who confess his All- greatness; with much excellence to our Lord Who shall exist eternally while all others will vanish. Allah is the Greatest with such greatness that is uncounted, unrealized, unforgettable, unending, unrelenting, and ceaseless. Allah is the Greatest with such greatness that is as eternal as He is and as remaining as He is in the years of the worlds, the months of the ages, the days of the world, and the hours of night and day. Allah is the Greatest incessantly and with eternity that no number can describe it, no eternity can stop it, and no eternity can interrupt it. Blessed be Allah, the best of creators.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the famous supplicatory prayer, which begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\nO Allah, one may call up, prepare...\r\n\r\nThis supplicatory prayer has been previously mentioned within the rites at Friday nights.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the supplicatory prayer that has been mentioned by Shaykh al-Tusi in Misbah al-Mutahajjid. It is ascribed to Imam Zayn al-’Abidin (a.s.) and it begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\nO Allah, You are Allah, the Lord of the worlds...\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that this supplicatory prayer, which has not been cited herein because of its lengthiness, is also advisably said during the ritual of al-wuquf ‘ala ‘arafah (Halting At Mount ‘Arafat), which is one of the rituals of Hajj.\r\n\r\nIt is also highly advisable to say the forty-seventh supplication of al-Sahifah al-Kamilah al-Sajjadiyyah. It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer, which comprises all the requirements of worldly and religious life, with reverence. The supplicatory prayer begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\nPraise belongs to Allah, Lord of the worlds."
}