{
    "content": "THIRD COMPREHENSIVE FORM OF ZIYARAH\r\n\r\n‘Allamah al-Majlisi, in his book of Tuhfat al-Za’ir, has listed the following comprehensive form of ziyarah as the eighth, saying: This form of ziyarah has been reported by Sayyid Ibn Tawus within the supplicatory prayers of the ‘Arafah Day from Imam al-Sadiq, peace be upon him. It can be said at visiting any shrine at any time, especially on the ‘Arafah Day. It is as follows:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نَبِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خِيَرَةَ اللّٰهِ مِنْ خَلْقِهِ وَ اَمِيْنَهُ عَلٰى وَحْيِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَنْتَ حُجَّةُ اللّٰهِ عَلٰى خَلْقِهِ وَ بَابُ عِلْمِهِ وَ وَصِيُّ نَبِيِّهِ وَ الْخَلِيْفَةُ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ فِيۤ اُمَّتِهِ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً غَصَبَتْكَ حَقَّكَ وَ قَعَدَتْ مَقْعَدَكَ اَنَا بَرِيْۤءٌ مِنْهُمْ وَ مِنْ شِيْعَتِهِمْ اِلَيْكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا فَاطِمَةُ الْبَتُوْلُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا زَيْنَ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ رَسُوْلِ [اللّٰهِ‏] رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكِ وَ عَلَيْهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَاۤ اُمَّ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً غَصَبَتْكِ حَقَّكِ وَ مَنَعَتْكِ مَا جَعَلَهُ اللّٰهُ لَكِ حَلَالًا اَنَا بَرِيْ‏ءٌ اِلَيْكِ مِنْهُمْ وَ مِنْ شِيْعَتِهِمْ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْحَسَنَ الزَّكِيَّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكَ وَ بَايَعَتْ فِيۤ اَمْرِكَ وَ شَايَعَتْ اَنَا بَرِيۤ‏ءٌ اِلَيْكَ مِنْهُمْ وَ مِنْ شِيْعَتِهِمْ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ الْحُسَيْنَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰىۤ اَبِيْكَ وَ جَدِّكَ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً ۟اِسْتَحَلَّتْ دَمَكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكَ وَ اسْتَبَاحَتْ حَرِيْمَكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اَشْيَاعَهُمْ وَ اَتْبَاعَهُمْ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ الْمُمَهِّدِيْنَ لَهُمْ بِالتَّمْكِيْنِ مِنْ قِتَالِكُمْ اَنَا بَرِيۤ‏ءٌ اِلَى اللّٰهِ وَ اِلَيْكَ مِنْهُمْ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَا اَبَا مُحَمَّدٍ عَلِيَّ بْنَ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا جَعْفَرٍ مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ جَعْفَرَ بْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْحَسَنِ‏ مُوْسَى بْنَ جَعْفَرٍ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَا اَبَا الْحَسَنِ‏ عَلِيَّ بْنَ مُوْسٰىۤ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا جَعْفَرٍ مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْحَسَنِ‏ عَلِيَّ بْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْحَسَنَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْقَاسِمِ‏ مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ الْحَسَنِ صَاحِبَ الزَّمَانِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى عِتْرَتِكَ الطَّاهِرَةِ الطَّيِّبَةِ يَا مَوَالِيَّ كُوْنُوْا شُفَعَاۤئِيْ فِيْ حَطِّ وِزْرِيْ وَ خَطَايَايَ اٰمَنْتُ بِاللّٰهِ وَ بِمَا اُنْزِلَ اِلَيْكُمْ وَ اَتَوَالٰى اٰخِرَكُمْ بِمَا اَتَوَالٰى اَوَّلَكُمْ وَ بَرِئْتُ مِنَ الْجِبْتِ وَ الطَّاغُوْتِ وَ اللَّاتِ وَ الْعُزّٰى يَا مَوَالِيَّ اَنَا سِلْمٌ لِمَنْ سَالَمَكُمْ وَ حَرْبٌ لِمَنْ حَارَبَكُمْ وَ عَدُوٌّ لِمَنْ عَادَاكُمْ وَ وَلِيٌّ لِمَنْ وَالَاكُمْ اِلٰى يَوْمِ الْقِيَامَةِ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ ظَالِمِيْكُمْ وَ غَاصِبِيْكُمْ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اَشْيَاعَهُمْ وَ اَتْبَاعَهُمْ وَ اَهْلَ مَذْهَبِهِمْ وَ اَبْرَاُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ وَ اِلَيْكُمْ مِنْهُمْ", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "THIRD COMPREHENSIVE FORM OF ZIYARAH\r\n\r\n‘Allamah alMajlisi, in his book of Tuhfat alZa’ir, has listed the following comprehensive form of ziyarah as the eighth, saying: This form of ziyarah has been reported by Sayyid Ibn Tawus within the supplicatory prayers of the ‘Arafah Day from Imam alSadiq, peace be upon him. It can be said at visiting any shrine at any time, especially on the ‘Arafah Day. It is as follows:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s Prophet. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s best choice among His creatures and His trustee on His revelations. Peace be upon you, O my master, O Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O my master. You are Allah’s argument against His creatures, the door to His knowledge, the successor of His Prophet, and the vicegerent after him among his nation. May Allah curse the people who usurped your right and took your place. I repudiate them and their partisans in your presence. Peace be upon you, O Fatimah the chaste. Peace be upon you, O adornment of the women of the worlds. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Messenger of Allah the Lord of the worlds. May Allah send blessings upon you and him. Peace be upon you, O mother of al-Hasan and al-Husayn. May Allah curse the people who usurped your right and deprived you of that which Allah has deemed lawful to you. I repudiate them and their partisans in your presence. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu-Muhammad al-Hasan the bright. Peace be upon you, O my master. May Allah curse the people who killed you, swore allegiance to each other against you, and helped each other against you. I repudiate them and their partisans in your presence. Peace be upon you, O my master O Abu-'Abdullah al-Husayn the son of ‘Ali. Allah’s blessings be upon you, your father, and your grandfather Muhammad, may Allah send blessings upon him and his Household. May Allah curse the people who violated the shedding of your blood. May Allah curse the people who slew you and violated the sacredness of your women. May Allah curse their partisans and followers. May Allah curse those who paved the way to them to fight against you. I repudiate them in the presence of Allah and you. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu-Muhammad ‘Ali the son of al-Husayn. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu-Ja'far Muhammad the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu-'Abdullah Ja'far the son of Muhammad. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu’l-Hasan Musa ibn Ja'far. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu’l-Hasan ‘Ali ibn Musa. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu-Ja'far Muhammad the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu’l-Hasan ‘Ali the son of Muhammad. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu-Muhammad al-Hasan the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu’l-Qasim Muhammad the son of al-Hasan the patron of the age. May Allah send blessings upon you and upon your family, the immaculate and pure. O my masters, be my intercessors in the forgiveness of my burdens and sins. I believe in Allah in what has been revealed to you. I swear to the last of you the same loyalty that I swear to the first. I repudiate all idols, false deities, Idol Lat, and Idol al-‘Uzza. O my masters, I am at peace with those who are at peace with you, I am at war against those who are at war against you, I am the enemy of those who show enmity towards you, and I am loyal to those who are loyalists to you up to the Resurrection Day. May Allah curse those who have wronged you and usurped your rights. May Allah curse their partisans, followers, and people of their sects. I repudiate them in the presence of Allah and you."
}