{
    "content": "Fifth: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer. After accomplishment, one should prostrate oneself and thank Almighty Allah one hundred times. Then, one should raise the head from the prostration and say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِاَنَّ لَكَ الْحَمْدَ وَحْدَكَ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَكَ وَ اَنَّكَ وَاحِدٌ اَحَدٌ صَمَدٌ لَمْ تَلِدْ وَ لَمْ تُوْلَدْ وَ لَمْ يَكُنْ لَكَ كُفُوًا اَحَدٌ وَ اَنَّ مُحَمَّدًا عَبْدُكَ وَ رَسُوْلُكَ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهٖ۔  يَا مَنْ هُوَ كُلَّ يَوْمٍ فِي شَاْنٍ كَمَا كَانَ مِنْ شَاْنِكَ اَنْ تَفَضَّلْتَ عَلَيَّ بِاَنْ جَعَلْتَنِي‏مِنْ اَهْلِ اِجَابَتِكَ وَ اَهْلِ دِيْنِكَ وَ اَهْلِ دَعْوَتِكَ وَ وَفَّقْتَنِيْ لِذٰلِكَ فِيْ مُبْتَدَاِ خَلْقِيْ تَفَضُّلًا مِنْكَ وَ كَرَمًا وَ جُوْدًا ثُمَّ اَرْدَفْتَ الْفَضْلَ فَضْلًا وَ الْجُوْدَ جُوْدًا وَ الْكَرْمَ كَرَمًا رَأْفَةً مِنْكَ وَ رَحْمَةً اِلٰیۤ اَنْ جَدَّدْتَ ذٰلِكَ الْعَهْدَ لِيْ تَجْدِيْدًا بَعْدَ تَجْدِيْدِكَ خَلْقِيْ وَ كُنْتُ نَسْيًا مَنْسِيًّا نَاسِيًا سَاهِيًا غَافِلًا فَاَتْمَمْتَ نِعْمَتَكَ بِاَنْ ذَكَّرْتَنِيْ ذٰلِكَ وَ مَنَنْتَ بِهٖ عَلَيَّ وَ هَدَيْتَنِيْ لَهٗ فَلْيَكُنْ مِنْ شَأْنِكَ يَاۤ اِلٰهِيْ وَ سَيِّدِيْ وَ مَوْلَايَ اَنْ تُتِمَّ لِيْ ذٰلِكَ وَ لَا تَسْلُبْنِيْهِ حَتّٰى تَتَوَفَّانِيْ عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ وَ اَنْتَ عَنِّيْ رَاضٍ فَاِنَّكَ اَحَقُّ الْمُنْعِمِيْنَ اَنْ تُتِمَّ نِعْمَتَكَ عَلَيَّ۔  اَللّٰهُمَّ سَمِعْنَا وَ اَطَعْنَا وَ اَجَبْنَا دَاعِيَكَ بِمَنِّكَ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ غُفْرَانَكَ رَبَّنَا وَ اِلَيْكَ الْمَصِيْرُ اٰمَنَّا بِاللهِ وَحْدَهٗ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهٗ وَ بِرَسُوْلِهٖ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ صَدَّقْنَا وَ اَجَبْنَا دَاعِيَ اللهِ وَ اتَّبَعْنَا الرَّسُوْلَ فِيْ مُوَالَاةِ مَوْلَانَا وَ مَوْلَى الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ عَبْدِ اللهِ وَ اَخِيْ رَسُوْلِهٖ وَ الصِّدِّيْقِ الْاَكْبَرِ وَ الْحُجَّةِ عَلٰى بَرِيَّتِهِ الْمُؤَيِّدِ بِهٖ نَبِيُّهٗ وَ دِينُهُ الْحَقَّ الْمُبِيْنَ عَلَمًا لِدِيْنِ اللهِ وَ خَازِنًا لِعِلْمِهٖ وَ عَيْبَةِ غَيْبِ اللهِ وَ مَوْضِعِ سِرِّ اللهِ وَ اَمِيْنَ اللهِ عَلٰى خَلْقِهٖ وَ شَاهِدَهُ فِيْ بَرِيَّتِهٖ۔  اَللّٰهُمَّ رَبَّنَا اِنَّنَا سَمِعْنَا مُنَادِيًا يُنَادِيْ لِلْاِيْمَانِ اَنْ اٰمِنُوْا بِرَبِّكُمْ فَاٰمَنَّا رَبَّنَا فَاغْفِرْ لَنَا ذُنُوْبَنَا وَ كَفِّرْ عَنَّا سَيِّئَاتِنَا وَ تَوَفَّنَا مَعَ الْاَبْرَارِ رَبَّنَا وَ اٰتِنَا مَا وَعَدْتَنَا عَلٰى‏ رُسُلِكَ وَ لَا تُخْزِنَا يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ اِنَّكَ لَا تُخْلِفُ الْمِيْعَادَ۔ فَاِنَّا يَا رَبَّنَا بِمَنِّكَ وَ لُطْفِكَ اَجَبْنَا دَاعِيَكَ وَ اتَّبَعْنَا الرَّسُوْلَ وَ صَدَّقْنَاهُ وَ صَدَّقْنَا مَوْلَى الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ كَفَرْنَا بِالْجِبْتِ وَ الطَّاغُوْتِ فَوَلِّنَا مَا تَوَلَّيْنَا وَ احْشُرْنَا مَعَ اَئِمَّتِنَا فَاِنَّا بِهِمْ مُؤْمِنُوْنَ مُوْقِنُوْنَ وَ لَهُمْ مُسَلِّمُوْنَ اٰمَنَّا بِسِرِّهِمْ وَ عَلَانِيَتِهِمْ وَ شَاهِدِهِمْ وَ غَاۤئِبِهِمْ وَ حَيِّهِمْ وَ مَيِّتِهِمْ وَ رَضِيْنَا بِهِمْ اَئِمَّةً وَ قَادَةً وَ سَادَةً وَ حَسْبُنَا بِهِمْ بَيْنَنَا وَ بَيْنَ اللهِ دُوْنَ خَلْقِهٖ لَا نَبْتَغِيْ بِهِمْ بَدَلًا وَ لَا نَتَّخِذُ مِنْ دُوْنِهِمْ وَلِيْجَةً وَ بَرِئْنَا اِلَی اللهِ مِنْ كُلِّ مَنْ نَصَبَ لَهُمْ حَرْبًا مِّنَ الْجِنِّ وَ الْاِنْسِ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ كَفَرْنَا بِالْجِبْتِ وَ الطَّاغُوْتِ وَ الْاَوْثَانِ الْاَرْبَعَةِ وَ اَشْيَاعِهِمْ وَ اَتْبَاعِهِمْ وَ كُلِّ مَنْ وَالَاهُمْ مِنَ الْجِنِّ وَ الْاِنْسِ مِنْ اَوَّلِ الدَّهْرِ اِلٰیۤ اٰخِرِهٖ  اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّا نُشْهِدُكَ اَنَّا نَدِيْنُ بِمَا دَانَ بِهٖ مُحَمَّدٌ وَ اٰلُ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ عَلَيْهِمْ وَ قَوْلُنَا مَا قَالُوْا وَ دِيْنُنَا مَا دَانُوْا بِهٖ مَا قَالُوْا بِهٖ قُلْنَا وَ مَا دَانُوْا بِهٖ دِنَّا وَ مَاۤ اَنْكَرُوْا اَنْكَرْنَا وَ مَنْ وَالَوْا وَالَيْنَا وَ مَنْ عَادَوْا عَادَيْنَا وَ مَنْ لَعَنُوْا لَعَنَّا وَ مَنْ تَبَرَّءُوْا مِنْهُ تَبَرَّاْنَا مِنْهُ وَ مَنْ تَرَحَّمُوْا عَلَيْهِ تَرَحَّمْنَا عَلَيْهِ اٰمَنَّا وَ سَلَّمْنَا وَ رَضِيْنَا وَ اتَّبَعْنَا مَوَالِيَنَا صَلَوَاتُ اللهِ عَلَيْهِمْ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَتَمِّمْ لَنَا ذٰلِكَ وَ لَا تَسْلُبْنَاهُ وَ اجْعَلْهُ مُسْتَقِرًّا ثَابِتًا عِنْدَنَا وَ لَا تَجْعَلْهُ مُسْتَعَارًا وَ اَحْيِنَا مَاۤ اَحْيَيْتَنَا عَلَيْهِ وَ اَمِتْنَا اِذَاۤ اَمَتَّنَا عَلَيْهِ اٰلُ مُحَمَّدٍ اَئِمَّتُنَا فَبِهِمْ نَأْتَمُّ وَ اِيَّاهُمْ نُوَالِيْ وَ عَدُوَّهُمْ عَدُوَّ اللهِ نُعَادِيْ فَاجْعَلْنَا مَعَهُمْ فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ وَ مِنَ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ فَاِنَّا بِذٰلِكَ رَاضُوْنَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--One may then prostrate oneself again and repeat each of the following doxological prayers one hundred times:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ شُكْرً الِلّٰهِ--According to a narration, to practice this act brings about the same reward of one who was present at that day and swore allegiance to the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) as regards the divinely commissioned leadership (wilayah) of Imam Ali(a.s.). Besides, it is preferable to offer this prayer at midday (zohr), which is the very time when the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) declared the successorship and leadership of Imam Ali(a.s.) at Ghadir Khumm. It is also preferable to recite Surah al-Qadr at the first unit of the prayer and Surah al-Tawheed at the second (of course, after Surah al-Faatehah).\r\n\r\nSixth: It is recommended to bathe oneself and offer a two unit prayer half an hour before midday (zohr). At each unit, one should recite Surah al-Faatehah once, Surah al-Tawheed ten times, Ayah al-Kursi ten times, and Surah al-Qadr ten times. The reward of practicing this act is equal, in the sight of Almighty Allah, to the rewards of one hundred thousand times of Hajj and one hundred thousand times of ‘Umrah. Almighty Allah will also grant all the worldly and religious needs of the performer with easiness and good health.\r\n\r\nIt is however worth mentioning that Sayyid Ibn Tawus, in Iqbal al-A’mal, referring to this prayer, has preceded Surah al-Qadr to Ayah al-Kursi. Also, ‘Allamah al-Majlisi, in Zad al-Ma’ad, mentioned that Surah al-Qadr should be preceded to Ayah al-Kursi. So have I done in my other books. But when I investigated the matter, I found out that the majority of scholars who have mentioned this prayer preceded Ayah al-Kursi to Surah al-Qadr. At any rate, there is probability that such confusion has occurred due to an error in writing by Sayyid Ibn Tawus himself or the copiers of the book, since Sayyid Ibn Tawus is too lofty to disagree with the consensus of the other scholars. Finally, Almighty Allah alone knows the most accurate form.\r\n\r\nIt is preferable to say the supplicatory prayer that begins with the following statement, after this prayer:\r\n\r\n--رَبَّنَاۤ اِنَّنَا سَمِعْنَا مُنَادِيًا۔۔۔--Seventh: It is recommended to say Dua al-Nudbah, which will be cited in this book.\r\n\r\nEighth: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer, which is reported by Sayyid Ibn Tawus from Shaykh al-Mufid:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِحَقِّ مُحَمَّدٍ نَبِيِّكَ وَ عَلِيٍّ وَلِيِّكَ وَ الشَّأْنِ وَ الْقَدْرِ الَّذِيْ خَصَصْتَهُمَا بِهِ دُوْنَ خَلْقِكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ عَلِيٍّ وَ اَنْ تَبْدَاَ بِهِمَا فِيْ كُلِّ خَيْرٍ عَاجِلٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْاَئِمَّةِ الْقَادَةِ وَ الدُّعَاةِ السَّادَةِ وَ النُّجُوْمِ الزَّاهِرَةِ وَ الْاَعْلَامِ الْبَاهِرَةِ وَ سَاسَةِ الْعِبَادِ وَ اَرْكَانِ الْبِلَادِ وَ النَّاقَةِ الْمُرْسَلَةِ وَ السَّفِيْنَةِ النَّاجِيَةِ الْجَارِيَةِ فِيْ اللُّجَجِ الْغَامِرَةِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ خُزَّانِ عِلْمِكَ وَ اَرْكَانِ تَوْحِيْدِكَ وَ دَعَاۤئِمِ دِيْنِكَ وَ مَعَادِنِ كَرَامَتِكَ وَ صَفْوَتِكَ مِنْ بَرِيَّتِكَ وَ خِيَرَتِكَ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ الْاَتْقِيَاۤءِ الْاَنْقِيَاۤءِ النُّجَبَاۤءِ الْاَبْرَارِ وَ الْبَابِ الْمُبْتَلٰى بِهِ النَّاسُ مَنْ اَتَاهُ نَجَا وَ مَنْ اَبَاهُ هَوٰى، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَهْلِ الذِّكْرِ الَّذِيْنَ اَمَرْتَ بِمَسْاَلَتِهِمْ وَ ذَوِيْ الْقُرْبَى الَّذِيْنَ اَمَرْتَ بِمَوَدَّتِهِمْ وَ فَرَضْتَ حَقَّهُمْ وَ جَعَلْتَ الْجَنَّةَ مَعَادَ مَنِ اقْتَصَّ اٰثَارَهُمْ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَاۤ اَمَرُوْا بِطَاعَتِكَ وَ نَهَوْا عَنْ مَعْصِيَتِكَ وَ دَلُّوْا عِبَادَكَ عَلٰى وَحْدَانِيَّتِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِحَقِّ مُحَمَّدٍ نَبِيِّكَ وَ نَجِيْبِكَ وَ صَفْوَتِكَ وَ اَمِيْنِكَ وَ رَسُوْلِكَ اِلٰى خَلْقِكَ وَ بِحَقِّ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ يَعْسُوْبِ الدِّيْنِ وَ قَاۤئِدِ الْغُرِّ الْمُحَجَّلِيْنَ الْوَصِيِّ الْوَفِيِّ وَ الصِّدِّيْقِ الْاَكْبَرِ وَ الْفَارُوْقِ بَيْنَ الْحَقِّ وَ الْبَاطِلِ وَ الشَّاهِدِ لَكَ وَ الدَّآلِّ عَلَيْكَ وَ الصَّادِعِ بِاَمْرِكَ وَ الْمُجَاهِدِ فِيْ سَبِيْلِكَ لَمْ تَأْخُذْهُ فِيْكَ لَوْمَةُ لَاۤئِمٍ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَ اَنْ تَجْعَلَنِيْ فِيْ هٰذَا الْيَوْمِ الَّذِيْ عَقَدْتَ فِيْهِ لِوَلِيِّكَ الْعَهْدَ فِيْۤ اَعْنَاقِ خَلْقِكَ وَ اَكْمَلْتَ لَهُمُ الدِّيْنَ مِنَ الْعَارِفِيْنَ بِحُرْمَتِهِ وَ الْمُقِرِّيْنَ بِفَضْلِهِ مِنْ عُتَقَاۤئِكَ وَ طُلَقَاۤئِكَ مِنَ النَّارِ وَ لَا تُشْمِتَ بِيْ حَاسِدِيْ النِّعَمِ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَكَمَا جَعَلْتَهُ عِيْدَكَ الْاَكْبَرَ وَ سَمَّيْتَهُ فِيْ السَّمَاۤءِ يَوْمَ الْعَهْدِ الْمَعْهُوْدِ وَ فِي الْاَرْضِ يَوْمَ الْمِيْثَاقِ الْمَأْخُوْذِ وَ الْجَمْعِ الْمَسْئُوْلِ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَقْرِرْ بِهِ عُيُوْنَنَا وَ اجْمَعْ بِهِ شَمْلَنَا وَ لَا تُضِلَّنَا بَعْدَ اِذْ هَدَيْتَنَا وَ اجْعَلْنَا لِاَنْعُمِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ عَرَّفَنَا فَضْلَ هٰذَا الْيَوْمِ وَ بَصَّرَنَا حُرْمَتَهُ وَ كَرَّمَنَا، بِهِ وَ شَرَّفَنَا بِمَعْرِفَتِهِ وَ هَدَانَا بِنُوْرِهِ يَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلَيْكُمَا وَ عَلٰى عِتْرَتِكُمَا وَ عَلٰى مُحِبِّيْكُمَا مِنِّيْۤ اَفْضَلُ السَّلَامِ مَا بَقِيَ اللَّيْلُ وَ النَّهَارُ وَ بِكُمَاۤ اَتَوَجَّهُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ رَبِّيْ وَ رَبِّكُمَا فِيْ نَجَاحِ طَلِبَتِيْ وَ قَضَاۤءِ حَوَاۤئِجِيْ وَ تَيْسِيْرِ اُمُوْرِيْۤ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِحَقِّ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَلْعَنَ مَنْ جَحَدَ حَقَّ هٰذَا الْيَوْمِ وَ اَنْكَرَ حُرْمَتَهُ فَصَدَّ عَنْ سَبِيْلِكَ لِاِطْفَاۤءِ نُوْرِكَ فَاَبَى اللّٰهُ اِلَّاۤ اَنْ يُتِمَّ نُوْرَهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَرِّجْ عَنْ اَهْلِ بَيْتِ مُحَمَّدٍ نَبِيِّكَ وَ اكْشِفْ عَنْهُمْ وَ بِهِمْ عَنِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ الْكُرُبَاتِ اَللّٰهُمَّ امْلَأِ الْاَرْضَ بِهِمْ عَدْلًا كَمَا مُلِئَتْ ظُلْمًا وَ جَوْرًا وَ اَنْجِزْ لَهُمْ مَا وَعَدْتَهُمْ اِنَّكَ لَا تُخْلِفُ الْمِيْعَادَ۔--It is also recommended to say the short supplicatory prayer that are recorded by Sayyid Ibn Tawus in Iqbal al-A’mal.\r\n\r\nNinth: It is recommended to congratulate the brethren-in-faith on this day by saying,\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ جَعَلَنَا مِنَ الْمُتَمَسِّكِيْنَ بِوِلَايَةِ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْاَئِمَّةِ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ۔--It is also recommended to say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ اَكْرَمَنَا بِهٰذَا الْيَوْمِ وَ جَعَلَنَا مِنَ الْمُوْفِيْنَ بِعَهْدِهِ اِلَيْنَا وَ مِيْثَاقِهِ الَّذِيْ وَاثَقَنَا بِهِ مِنْ وِلَايَةِ وُلَاةِ اَمْرِهِ وَ الْقُوَّامِ بِقِسْطِهِ وَ لَمْ يَجْعَلْنَا مِنَ الْجَاحِدِيْنَ وَ الْمُكَذِّبِيْنَ بِيَوْمِ الدِّيْنِ۔--Tenth: It is recommended to repeat this doxology (zikr) one hundred times:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ جَعَلَ كَمَالَ دِيْنِهِ وَ تَمَامَ نِعْمَتِهِ بِوِلَايَةِ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ۔--It is worth mentioning that a great reward has been narrated to be the share of one who, on this day, puts on the best dress, adorns himself, imparts a sweet smell, shows delight and happiness, gives pleasure to the adherents of Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen(a.s.), pardons them, settles their needs, visits the relatives, confers upon the family members with gifts and whatever they need, offers food to the believers and the observers of fasting, shakes hands with, visits, smiles in the faces of, and presents gifts to the believers, thanks Almighty Allah for the grand bliss of recognizing the Divinely commissioned leadership of Imam Ali(a.s.), invokes blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, and practices acts of worship and obedience to Almighty Allah. One dirham that is given as alms on this day to a believer is equal to one thousand dirhams that are given on other days. Finally, to offer food to a believer on this day is equal, in reward, to offering food to all the prophets and the veracious people.\r\n\r\nAddressing a sermon on the ‘Id al-Ghadir Day, Imam Ali(a.s.) said, “The reward of offering food to an observant of fasting on this day is equal to the reward of offering food to two hundred thousand prophets, veracious people, and martyrs multiplied by ten. As for one who provides for a number of believing men and women, I guarantee that Almighty Allah will secure him against atheism, poverty ...etc.”", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Fifth: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer. After accomplishment, one should prostrate oneself and thank Almighty Allah one hundred times. Then, one should raise the head from the prostration and say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I beseech You in the name of that all praise be to You, alone, without having any partner, and that You are One, One and Only, and eternally Besought of all; You beget not nor are You begotten, and there is none like You; and that Muhammad is Your servant and Messenger, Your blessings be upon him and his Household. O He Who is in a state every day! Just as You decided to confer upon me with Your favor when You included me with those to whom You responded, the company of Your religion, and the company of those who pray You, You had led me to this in the beginning of Your creation of me as a sign of Your favoring, generosity, and magnanimity. Then, You followed the favor with another favor, the magnanimity with another magnanimity, and the generosity with another generosity, on account of Your kindness and mercy, so You renewed all that for me over again after You renewed my creation while I was a thing quite forgotten, oblivious, unmindful, and heedless. So, You completed Your grace when You made me remember that, bestowed this favor upon me, and guided me to it. So, (please) may one of Your decisions, O my God, Master, and Sustainer, be that You perfect this for me and never deprive me of it until You cause me to die on this faith and You are pleased with me. For, verily, You are the worthiest Benefactor of perfecting Your grace for me. O Allah, we have listened, obeyed, and answered Your call on account of Your favor to us. So, all praise be to You. Your forgiveness, O our Lord, we seek and to You is the return. We believe in Allah, alone; there is no partner with Him, and (we believe) in His Messenger, Muhammad, may Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, we trust and respond to the caller of Allah, we followed the Messenger as regards the loyalty to our master, and the master of the believers, the commander of the believers, 'Ali, the son of Abu-Talib, Allah’s servant and His Messenger’s brother, the grandest veracious, the claim on His creation, by him, He supported His Prophet and His religion, the manifest true. (We believe in him as) the sign of Allah’s religion, the keeper of His knowledge, the container of Allah’s unseen affairs, the carrier of Allah’s secrets, the trustee of Allah on His creatures, and His witness on His created beings. O Allah, O our Lord, surely, we have heard a preacher calling to the faith, saying, “Believe in your Lord.” So, we did believe. Our Lord! Forgive us therefore our faults, cover our evil deeds, and make us die with the righteous ones. Our Lord! And grant us what You have promised us by Your messengers; and disgrace us not on the Day of Resurrection. Surely, You do not fail to perform the promise. Because we, O our Lord, on account of Your grace and kindness, responded to Your caller followed the Messenger, believed him, trusted the Master of the Believers, and denied the idols {Jibf) and false deities (Taghut). So, (please) join us with those whom we chose to join and put us in the group of our Imams, for we do believe in them with absolute belief, and to them we do submit. We believe in their secret and open affairs, their present and their absent ones, and their living and their dead ones. We consent to them as our imams, leaders, and chiefs. And we stop at them in all of our affairs with Allah, excluding all other creatures of Him. We do not seek any substitutes of them, and we do not betake ourselves any friends other than them. We, before Allah, disapprove all those who made war with them, from jinn and men, from the past and the coming generations. We deny the idols, the false deities, the four pagans, their partisans, their followers, and all those who support them from jinn and human beings from the first of time to the last of it. O Allah, we call You to witness that we profess all that professed by Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, Allah’s blessings be upon him and them. We say only that which they say and we believe in only that in which they believe. What they say is our saying, what they profess is what we profess, what they reject is what we reject, those to whom they adhere are they to whom we adhere, those whom they oppose are they whom we oppose, those whom they curse are they whom we curse, those whom they condemn are they whom we condemn, and those to whom they pray for mercy are they to whom we pray for mercy. We believe in, submit to, accept, and follow our masters, Allah’s blessings be upon them. O Allah, so, perfect this for us and do not deprive us of it. Make it well-established and fixed with us and do not make it temporal (belief). Make us live on it (no matter how long You will make us to live) and cause us to die on it (when You decide to terminate our lives). Muhammad’s Household are our Imams; so, we follow them and act loyally to them. We oppose their enemy, the enemy of Allah; so, (please) include us with them in this world and the Hereafter, and make us of those drawn near (to You), for we are satisfied with that. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy!\r\n\r\nOne may then prostrate oneself again and repeat each of the following prayers one hundred times:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah. Thanks be to Allah.\r\n\r\nAccording to a narration, to practice this act brings about the same reward of one who was present at that day and swore allegiance to the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) as regards the divinely commissioned leadership (wilayah) of Imam Ali (a.s.). Besides, it is preferable to offer this prayer at midday, which is the very time when the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) declared the successorship and leadership of Imam Ali (a.s.) at Ghadir Khumm. It is also preferable to recite Surah al-Qadr at the first unit of the prayer and Surah al-Tawheed at the second (of course, after Surah al-Faatehah).\r\n\r\nSixth: It is recommended to bathe oneself and offer a two unit prayer half an hour before midday. At each unit, one should recite Surah al-Faatehah once, Surah al-Tawheed ten times, Ayah al-Kursi ten times, and Surah al-Qadr ten times. The reward of practicing this act is equal, in the sight of Almighty Allah, to the rewards of one hundred thousand times of Hajj and one hundred thousand times of ‘Umrah. Almighty Allah will also grant all the worldly and religious needs of the performer with easiness and good health.\r\n\r\nIt is however worth mentioning that Sayyid Ibn Tawus, in Iqbal al-A’mal, referring to this prayer, has preceded Surah al-Qadr to Ayah al-Kursi. Also, ‘Allamah al-Majlisi, in Zad al-Ma’ad, mentioned that Surah al-Qadr should be preceded to Ayah al-Kursi. So have I done in my other books. But when I investigated the matter, I found out that the majority of scholars who have mentioned this prayer preceded Ayah al-Kursi to Surah al-Qadr. At any rate, there is probability that such confusion has occurred due to an error in writing by Sayyid Ibn Tawus himself or the copiers of the book, since Sayyid Ibn Tawus is too lofty to disagree with the consensus of the other scholars. Finally, Almighty Allah alone knows the most accurate form.\r\n\r\nIt is preferable to say the supplicatory prayer that begins with the following statement, after this prayer:\r\n\r\nO Our Lord, we have heard a caller...\r\n\r\nSeventh: It is recommended to say Dua al-Nudbah, which will be cited in this book.\r\n\r\nEighth: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer, which is reported by Sayyid Ibn Tawus from Shaykh al-Mufid:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I beseech You in the name of Muhammad, Your Prophet, in the name of 'Ali, Your Representative {wall), and in the name of the stature and standing that You have given exclusively to them rather than Your other creatures, to send blessings to Muhammad and vAli and begin with both of them in any immediate item of goodness. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad; the Imams, the leaders, the promulgators (to You), the masters, the shining stars, the splendid signs, the governors of the servants (of You), the pillars of the countries, the (like of the) she-camel that was sent by You, and the ark that saves (from sinking in straying off from the right path) and runs peacefully in the depths of oceans. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad; the keepers of Your knowledge, the pillars of the professing of Your Oneness, the supports of Your religion, the cores of Your honoring, the choicest among Your creatures, the best of Your beings, the pious, the pure, the outstanding, the virtuous, and the door that is decided as trial for people— he who comes through it shall be saved but he who rejects it shall fail indeed. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad; the People of the Reminder whom You have ordered us to ask (when we do not know), the near relatives (of the Holy Prophet) whom You have ordered us to love, whose rights You have made incumbent (upon us), and whom You have decided Paradise as the reward of whoever follows their patterns. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad as they instructed (us) to obey You, warned (us) against disobeying You, and led Your servants to Your Oneness. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Muhammad; Your Prophet, Your superior servant, Your choice, Your trusted one, Your messenger to Your creatures; and (I beseech You) in the name of the Commander of the Believers (Amir al-Mu'minm), the chief of the religion, the leader of the white-faced and marked on the foreheads, the faithful, the loyal, the greatest veracious, the distinguisher between the right and the wrong, the witness for You, the guide to You, the expounder of what You have commanded, the striver in Your way, and who never listened to any word of blame for Your sake; (I beseech You) to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, to include me on this day on which You established the pledge to Your Representative in the necks of Your servants and You thus perfected the religion for them, (to include me) with those who recognize the actual sanctity of him and those who acknowledge his precedence, and to include me with those whom You decide to release from Hellfire. (Please) do not let those who envy the bounties (that You confer upon certain persons) rejoice at my misfortunes. O Allah, as You have made this day Your greatest feast day, You have named it “the Day of the Promised Covenant” in the heavens, and You have named it “the Day of the Exacted Covenant and the Witnessed Crowd” in the earth, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, give us delight of our eyes through him, reunify us through him, do not mislead us after You have guided us to the right path, and make us of those who thank Your bounties. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! All praise be to Allah Who has made us recognize the merit of this day, attracted our attentions to its sanctity, honored us on it, ennobled us through our recognition of it, and guided us through its light. O Messenger of Allah! O Commander of the Believers! Upon you, your household, and your followers be the most excellent peace so long as night and day endure. Through you both do I direct toward Allah, my Lord and Your Lord, (and I beseech Him) to respond to my requests, settle my needs, and make easy all my affairs. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad to bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and curse whoever denies the holiness of this day and denies its sanctity; thus, he hindered from Your way intending to extinguish Your light, but Allah will not consent save to perfect His light. O Allah, (please do) relieve misfortunes from the Household of Muhammad, Your Prophet and relieve the anguishes of them and of the believers through them. O Allah, (please do) fill the earth with justice through them just as it has been full with injustice and unfairness, and (please do) fulfill Your promise to them, for You surely do not break Your promises.\r\n\r\nIt is also recommended to say the short supplicatory prayer that are recorded by Sayyid Ibn Tawus in Iqbal al-A’mal.\r\n\r\nNinth: It is recommended to congratulate the brethren-in-faith on this day by saying,\r\n\r\nPraise be to Allah Who has blessed us to be among those who cling and hold to the divinely commissioned leadership and authority of Amir al-Mu'minln and all the Imams, peace be upon them all.\r\n\r\nIt is also recommended to say the following:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah Who has honored us with this day and included us with those who have fulfilled their promise to Him and their covenant made with Him; that is the loyalty to His representatives and the establishers of His justice. He has not made us of the deniers and rejecters of the Judgement Day.\r\n\r\nTenth: It is recommended to repeat this doxology (zikr) (zikr) one hundred times:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah Who has made the perfection of His religion and the completion of His grace in the leadership of the Commander of the Believers, 'Ali the son of Abu-Talib, peace be upon him.\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that a great reward has been narrated to be the share of one who, on this day, puts on the best dress, adorns himself, imparts a sweet smell, shows delight and happiness, gives pleasure to the adherents of Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen (a.s.), pardons them, settles their needs, visits the relatives, confers upon the family members with gifts and whatever they need, offers food to the believers and the observers of fasting, shakes hands with, visits, smiles in the faces of, and presents gifts to the believers, thanks Almighty Allah for the grand bliss of recognizing the Divinely commissioned leadership of Imam Ali (a.s.), invokes blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, and practices acts of worship and obedience to Almighty Allah. One dirham that is given as alms on this day to a believer is equal to one thousand dirhams that are given on other days. Finally, to offer food to a believer on this day is equal, in reward, to offering food to all the prophets and the veracious people.\r\n\r\nAddressing a sermon on the ‘Id al-Ghadir Day, Imam Ali (a.s.) said, “The reward of offering food to an observant of fasting on this day is equal to the reward of offering food to two hundred thousand prophets, veracious people, and martyrs multiplied by ten. As for one who provides for a number of believing men and women, I guarantee that Almighty Allah will secure him against atheism, poverty ...etc.”"
}