{
    "content": "To sum it up, the merit of the ‘Id al-Ghadir Day is too great to be cited. On this day, the deeds of the Shi’ah are admitted and their grievances are relieved. On this day, Prophet Moses (a.s.) overcame the sorcerers, the fire in which Prophet Abraham (a.s.) was thrown was made by Almighty Allah comfort and peace, Prophet Moses (a.s.) appointed Yushua ibn Nun as his successor, Prophet Solomon (a.s.) declared openly before his people that Asif ibn Barkhiya would be his successor, and the Holy Prophet Muhammad(a.s.) united as brothers his companions; therefore, the believers are advised to form brotherhood with each other on this day. This fraternization, as is quoted by Shaykh al-Nuri in Mustadrak al-Wasa’il from the book of Zad al-Firdaws, can be practiced by putting the right hand on the brother-in-faith’s right had and saying the following:\r\n\r\n--وَاخَيْتُكَ فِي اللّٰهِ وَ صَافَيْتُكَ فِي اللّٰهِ وَ صَافَحْتُكَ فِي اللّٰهِ وَ عَاهَدْتُ اللّٰهَ وَ مَلَاۤئِكَتَهُ وَ كُتُبَهُ وَ رُسُلَهُ وَ اَنْبِيَاۤءَهُ وَ الْاَئِمَّةَ الْمَعْصُوْمِيْنَ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ عَلٰىۤ اَنِّيْۤ اِنْ كُنْتُ مِنْ اَهْلِ الْجَنَّةِ وَ الشَّفَاعَةِ وَ اُذِنَ لِيْ بِاَنْ اَدْخُلَ الْجَنَّةَ لَاۤ اَدْخُلُهَاۤ اِلَّا وَ اَنْتَ مَعِيْ۔--Similar to this form, al-Muhaddith al-Fayd, in his book of Khulasat al-Adhkar, has mentioned a form of fraternization adding that the other party, or his representative, may accept the fraternization by uttering any statement entailing agreement. Then, each party releases the other from the duties of fraternity except supplication and visiting the tombs of the Infallibles.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "To sum it up, the merit of the ‘Id al-Ghadir Day is too great to be cited. On this day, the deeds of the Shi’ah are admitted and their grievances are relieved. On this day, Prophet Moses (a.s.) overcame the sorcerers, the fire in which Prophet Abraham (a.s.) was thrown was made by Almighty Allah comfort and peace, Prophet Moses (a.s.) appointed Yushua ibn Nun as his successor, Prophet Solomon (a.s.) declared openly before his people that Asif ibn Barkhiya would be his successor, and the Holy Prophet Muhammad (a.s.) united as brothers his companions; therefore, the believers are advised to form brotherhood with each other on this day. This fraternization, as is quoted by Shaykh al-Nuri in Mustadrak al-Wasa’il from the book of Zad al-Firdaws, can be practiced by putting the right hand on the brother-in-faith’s right had and saying the following:\r\n\r\nI declare my brotherhood with you for the sake of Allah, I establish friendly terms with you for the sake of Allah, I shake hands with you for the sake of Allah, I promise Allah, His angels, His Books, His Messengers, His Prophets, and the Infallible Imams, peace be upon them, that if I will be an inhabitant of Paradise, allowed to intercede for others, and if I will be allowed Paradise, I will not enter it unless you accompany me therein.\r\n\r\nThe other party should then agree by saying,\r\n\r\nI agree.\r\n\r\nThen, the first party says,\r\n\r\nI thus release you from all the duties of fraternity except intercession, supplication, and visiting the tombs of the Infallibles.\r\n\r\nSimilar to this form, al-Muhaddith al-Fayd, in his book of Khulasat al-Adhkar, has mentioned a form of fraternization adding that the other party, or his representative, may accept the fraternization by uttering any statement entailing agreement. Then, each party releases the other from the duties of fraternity except supplication and visiting the tombs of the Infallibles."
}