{
    "content": "ZIYARAH ON THE EID AL FITR AND EID AL ADHA DAYS\r\n\r\nAccording to a validly reported tradition on the authority of a valid chain of authority, Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) has said, “Whoever visits the tomb of al-Husayn at one of the following three nights, will have all his sins forgiven by Almighty Allah, including the past and the coming: the night before ‘Id al-Fitr Day, the night before ‘Id al-Azha Day, and the mid-Sha’ban night.”\r\n\r\nAccording to another validly reported tradition, Imam Musa ibn Ja’far (al-Kazim) has said, “Whoever visits al-Husayn at these three nights, will have all his sins forgiven by Almighty Allah, both the past and the coming: the mid-Sha’ban night, the twenty-third night of Ramazan, and the ‘Id al-Fitr night.”\r\n\r\nImam al-Sadiq (‘a) is reported to have said, “If one visits al-Husayn ibn ‘Ali at the mid-Sha’ban night, the ‘Id al-Fitr night, and the ‘Arafat night in the same year, Almighty Allah will record for him the reward of one thousand times of admissible hajj and one thousand times of acceptable ‘umrah and will grant him one thousand requests for this world and the Hereafter.”\r\n\r\nImam al-Baqir (‘a) is reported to have said, “Whoever spends the ‘Arafat Night in the land of Karbala’ and resides to spend the ‘Arafat Day there and then leaves, Almighty Allah shall save him from the evils of that year.”\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that scholars have dedicated two forms of ziyarah to these two blessed feast days (i.e. ‘Id al-Fitr and ‘Id al-Azha). The first form has been previously cited as the ziyarah form at the Qadr Nights, while the other is the following. What is apparently understood from the words of the scholars is that the first form of ziyarah is said when one visits the holy shrine on the two days of ‘Id al-Fitr and ‘Id al-Azha, while the following form is said when the holy shrine is visited at the two nights before these two days. Thus, the ziyarah form is as follows:\r\n\r\nWhen you intend to visit Imam al-Husayn’s tomb at these two nights, you may stop at the gate of the holy dome, cast your sight on the tomb, and seek permission of admission by saying,\r\n\r\n--يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ عَبْدُكَ وَ ابْنُ اَمَتِكَ الذَّلِيْلُ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ وَ الْمُصَغَّرُ فِيْ عُلُوِّ قَدْرِكَ وَ الْمُعْتَرِفُ بِحَقِّكَ جَاۤءَكَ مُسْتَجِيْرًا بِكَ قَاصِدًا اِلٰى حَرَمِكَ مُتَوَجِّهًا اِلٰى مَقَامِكَ مُتَوَسِّلًا اِلَى اللّٰهِ تَعَالٰى بِكَ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا مَلَاۤئِكَةَ اللّٰهِ الْمُحْدِقِيْنَ بِهٰذَا الْحَرَمِ الْمُقِيْمِيْنَ فِيْ هٰذَا الْمَشْهَدِ۔--If your heart feels reverence and your eyes shed tears, then you may enter by preceding your right foot to your left one. You may then say the following words:\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللّٰهِ وَ بِاللّٰهِ وَ فِيْ سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَلٰى مِلَّةِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْزِلْنِيْ مُنْزَلًا مُبَارَكًا وَ اَنْتَ خَيْرُ الْمُنْزِلِيْنَ۔--You may then say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ كَبِيْرًا وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ كَثِيْرًا وَ سُبْحَانَ اللّٰهِ بُكْرَةً وَ اَصِيْلًا وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الْفَرْدِ الصَّمَدِ الْمَاجِدِ الْاَحَدِ الْمُتَفَضِّلِ الْمَنَّانِ الْمُتَطَوِّلِ الْحَنَّانِ الَّذِيْ مِنْ تَطَوُّلِهِ سَهَّلَ لِيْ زِيَارَةَ مَوْلَايَ بِاِحْسَانِهِ وَ لَمْ يَجْعَلْنِيْ عَنْ زِيَارَتِهِ مَمْنُوْعًا وَ لَا عَنْ ذِمَّتِهِ مَدْفُوْعًا بَلْ تَطَوَّلَ وَ مَنَحَ ۔--You may then enter the shrine. When you reach its center, you may stop near the tomb with reverence, weeping, and submission, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ اٰدَمَ صِفْوَةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ نُوْحٍ اَمِيْنِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ خَلِيْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ مُوْسٰى كَلِيْمِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ عِيْسٰى رُوْحِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ حَبِيْبِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ عَلِيٍّ حُجَّةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْوَصِيُّ الْبَرُّ التَّقِيُّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ثَارَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ ثَارِهِ وَ الْوِتْرَ الْمَوْتُوْرَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ جَاهَدْتَ فِي اللّٰهِ حَقَّ جِهَادِهِ حَتَّى اسْتُبِيْحَ حَرَمُكَ وَ قُتِلْتَ مَظْلُوْمًا۔--You may then stop at the side of the Imam’s head with submissive heart and teary eyes and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ فَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا بَطَلَ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ كُنْتَ نُوْرًا فِي الْاَصْلَابِ الشَّامِخَةِ وَ الْاَرْحَامِ الْمُطَهَّرَةِ لَمْ تُنَجِّسْكَ الْجَاهِلِيَّةُ بِاَنْجَاسِهَا وَ لَمْ تُلْبِسْكَ مِنْ‏ مُدْلَهِمَّاتِ ثِيَابِهَا وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ مِنْ دَعَاۤئِمِ الدِّيْنِ وَ اَرْكَانِ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَ مَعْقِلِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ الْاِمَامُ الْبَرُّ التَّقِيُّ الرَّضِيُّ الزَّكِيُّ الْهَادِي الْمَهْدِيُّ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ الْاَئِمَّةَ مِنْ وُلْدِكَ كَلِمَةُ التَّقْوٰى وَ اَعْلَامُ الْهُدٰى وَ الْعُرْوَةُ الْوُثْقٰى وَ الْحُجَّةُ عَلٰىۤ اَهْلِ الدُّنْيَا۔--You may then throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اِنَّا لِلّٰهِ وَ اِنَّاۤ اِلَيْهِ رَاجِعُوْنَ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَنَا مُوَالٍ لِوَلِيِّكُمْ وَ مُعَادٍ لِعَدُوِّكُمْ وَ اَنَا بِكُمْ مُؤْمِنٌ وَ بِاِيَابِكُمْ مُوْقِنٌ بِشَرَاۤئِعِ دِيْنِيْ وَ خَوَاتِيْمِ عَمَلِيْ وَ قَلْبِيْ لِقَلْبِكُمْ سِلْمٌ وَ اَمْرِيْ لِاَمْرِكُمْ مُتَّبِعٌ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَتَيْتُكَ خَاۤئِفًا فَاٰمِنِّيْ وَ اَتَيْتُكَ مُسْتَجِيْرًا فَاَجِرْنِيْ وَ اَتَيْتُكَ فَقِيْرًا فَاَغْنِنِيْ سَيِّدِيْ وَ مَوْلَايَ اَنْتَ مَوْلَايَ حُجَّةُ اللّٰهِ عَلَى الْخَلْقِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اٰمَنْتُ بِسِرِّكُمْ وَ عَلَانِيَتِكُمْ وَ بِظَاهِرِكُمْ وَ بَاطِنِكُمْ وَ اَوَّلِكُمْ وَ اٰخِرِكُمْ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ التَّالِيْ لِكِتَابِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَمِيْنُ اللّٰهِ الدَّاعِيۤ اِلَى اللّٰهِ بِالْحِكْمَةِ وَ الْمَوْعِظَةِ الْحَسَنَةِ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً ظَلَمَتْكَ وَ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكَ‏ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً سَمِعَتْ بِذٰلِكَ فَرَضِيَتْ بِهِ۔--You may then offer a two-unit prayer to the side of the Imam’s head and when you finish, you may say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ لَكَ صَلَّيْتُ وَ لَكَ رَكَعْتُ وَ لَكَ سَجَدْتُ وَحْدَكَ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَكَ فَاِنَّهُ لَا تَجُوْزُ الصَّلَاةُ وَ الرُّكُوْعُ وَ السُّجُوْدُ اِلَّا لَكَ لِاَنَّكَ اَنْتَ اللّٰهُ الَّذِيْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ اَللّٰهُمَ‏ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَبْلِغْهُمْ عَنِّيۤ اَفْضَلَ‏ السَّلَامِ وَ التَّحِيَّةِ وَ ارْدُدْ عَلَيَّ مِنْهُمُ السَّلَامَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ هَاتَانِ الرَّكْعَتَانِ هَدِيَّةٌ مِنِّيۤ اِلٰى سَيِّدِيِ الْحُسَيْنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ عَلَيْهِمَا السَّلَامُ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ عَلَيْهِ وَ تَقَبَّلْهُمَا مِنِّيْ وَ اجْزِنِيْ عَلَيْهِمَاۤ اَفْضَلَ اَمَلِيْ وَ رَجَاۤئِيْ فِيْكَ وَ فِيْ وَلِيِّكَ يَا وَلِيَّ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ۔--You may then throw yourself on the tomb, kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْحُسَيْنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْمَظْلُوْمِ الشَّهِيْدِ قَتِيْلِ الْعَبَرَاتِ وَ اَسِيْرِ الْكُرُبَاتِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيۤ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّهُ وَلِيُّكَ وَ ابْنُ وَلِيِّكَ وَ صَفِيِّكَ الثَّاۤئِرِ بِحَقِّكَ اَكْرَمْتَهُ بِكَرَامَتِكَ وَ خَتَمْتَ لَهُ بِالشَّهَادَةِ وَ جَعَلْتَهُ سَيِّدًا مِنَ السَّادَةِ وَ قَاۤئِدًا مِنَ الْقَادَةِ وَ اَكْرَمْتَهُ بِطِيْبِ الْوِلَادَةِ وَ اَعْطَيْتَهُ مَوَارِيْثَ الْاَنْبِيَاۤءِ وَ جَعَلْتَهُ حُجَّةً عَلٰى خَلْقِكَ مِنَ الْاَوْصِيَاۤءِ فَاَعْذَرَ فِيْ الدُّعَاۤءِ وَ مَنَحَ النَّصِيْحَةَ وَ بَذَلَ مُهْجَتَهُ فِيْكَ حَتَّى اسْتَنْقَذَ عِبَادَكَ مِنَ الْجَهَالَةِ وَ حَيْرَةِ [وَ خَيْبَةِ] الضَّلَالَةِ وَ قَدْ تَوَازَرَ عَلَيْهِ مَنْ غَرَّتْهُ الدُّنْيَا وَ بَاعَ حَظَّهُ مِنَ الْاٰخِرَةِ بِالْاَدْنٰى وَ تَرَدّٰى فِيْ هَوَاهُ وَ اَسْخَطَكَ وَ اَسْخَطَ نَبِيَّكَ وَ اَطَاعَ مِنْ عِبَادِكَ اُوْلِي الشِّقَاقِ وَ النِّفَاقِ وَ حَمَلَةِ الْاَوْزَارِ الْمُسْتَوْجِبِيْنَ النَّارَ فَجَاهَدَهُمْ فِيْكَ صَابِرًا مُحْتَسِبًا مُقْبِلًا غَيْرَ مُدْبِرٍ لَا تَأْخُذُهُ فِيْ اللّٰهِ لَوْمَةُ لَاۤئِمٍ حَتّٰى سُفِكَ فِيْ طَاعَتِكَ دَمُهُ وَ اسْتُبِيْحَ حَرِيْمُهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ الْعَنْهُمْ لَعْنًا وَبِيْلًا وَ عَذِّبْهُمْ عَذَابًا اَلِيْمًا۔--You may then turn to ‘Ali ibn al-Husayn (‘a), who is buried to the side of Imam al-Husayn’s feet, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ فَاطِمَةَ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْمَظْلُوْمُ الشَّهِيْدُ بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْ عِشْتَ سَعِيْدًا وَ قُتِلْتَ مَظْلُوْمًا شَهِيْدًا۔--You may then turn to the tombs of the martyrs - may Allah’s pleasure be upon them - and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اَيُّهَا الذَّآبُّوْنَ عَنْ تَوْحِيْدِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ بِمَا صَبَرْتُمْ فَنِعْمَ عُقْبَى الدَّارِ بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتُمْ وَ اُمِّيْ فُزْتُمْ فَوْزًا عَظِيْمًا۔--You may then walk to the shrine of al-’Abbas ibn ‘Ali, stop at his holy tomb, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْعَبْدُ الصَّالِحُ وَ الصِّدِّيْقُ الْمُوَاسِيْ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ اٰمَنْتَ بِاللّٰهِ وَ نَصَرْتَ ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ دَعَوْتَ اِلٰى سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ وَاسَيْتَ بِنَفْسِكَ فَعَلَيْكَ مِنَ اللّٰهِ اَفْضَلُ التَّحِيَّةِ وَ السَّلَامِ۔--You may now throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْ يَا نَاصِرَ دِيْنِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نَاصِرَ الْحُسَيْنِ الصِّدِّيْقِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نَاصِرَ الْحُسَيْنِ الشَّهِيْدِ عَلَيْكَ مِنِّيِ السَّلَامُ مَا بَقِيْتُ وَ بَقِيَ اللَّيْلُ وَ النَّهَارُ۔--You may then stand up to offer a two-unit prayer to the side of his head and then repeat the same words that you have said after offering a prayer at Imam al-Husayn’s shrine. These words, which have been previously cited, begin with the following statement:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ‏ صَلَّيْتُ۔۔۔--You may then return to the shrine of Imam al-Husayn (‘a) to reside there for any period you like. However, it is recommended not to appoint the holy shrine as one’s place of residence and spending the night there.\r\n\r\nIf you intend to leave and bid farewell to the Imam (‘a), you may stop at the side of the head and say the following words while weeping:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ سَلَامَ مُوَدِّعٍ لَا قَالٍ وَ لَا سَئِمٍ فَاِنْ اَنْصَرِفْ فَلَا عَنْ مَلَالَةٍ وَ اِنْ اُقِمْ فَلَا عَنْ سُوۤءِ ظَنٍّ بِمَا وَعَدَ اللّٰهُ الصَّابِرِيْنَ يَا مَوْلَايَ لَا جَعَلَهُ اللّٰهُ اٰخِرَ الْعَهْدِ مِنِّيْ لِزِيَارَتِكَ وَ رَزَقَنِي الْعَوْدَ اِلَيْكَ وَ الْمَقَامَ فِيْ حَرَمِكَ وَ الْكَوْنَ فِيْ مَشْهَدِكَ اٰمِيْنَ رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ ۔--You may then kiss the tomb and try to pass your entire body over it, because this tomb is security and protection. You may then leave it by walking backwards without giving your back to the tomb. You may say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا بَابَ الْمَقَامِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا شَرِيْكَ الْقُرْاٰنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ الْخِصَامِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَفِيْنَةَ النَّجَاةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَا مَلَاۤئِكَةَ رَبِّيَ الْمُقِيْمِيْنَ فِيْ هٰذَا الْحَرَمِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَبَدًا مَا بَقِيْتُ وَ بَقِيَ اللَّيْلُ وَ النَّهَارُ--You may also say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اِنَّا لِلّٰهِ وَ اِنَّاۤ اِلَيْهِ رَاجِعُوْنَ وَ لَا حَوْلَ وَ لَا قُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللّٰهِ الْعَلِيِّ الْعَظِيْمِ۔--You may then leave.\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus and Muhammad ibn al-Mashhadi said, “If you do all these devotional acts (correctly), you will be as if you have visited Almighty Allah in His Divine Throne.”", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "ZIYARAH ON THE EID AL FITR AND EID AL ADHA DAYS\r\n\r\nAccording to a validly reported tradition on the authority of a valid chain of authority, Imam alSadiq (‘a) has said, “Whoever visits the tomb of alHusayn at one of the following three nights, will have all his sins forgiven by Almighty Allah, including the past and the coming: the night before ‘Id alFitr Day, the night before ‘Id alAzha Day, and the midSha’ban night.”\r\n\r\nAccording to another validly reported tradition, Imam Musa ibn Ja’far (alKazim) has said, “Whoever visits alHusayn at these three nights, will have all his sins forgiven by Almighty Allah, both the past and the coming: the midSha’ban night, the twentythird night of Ramazan, and the ‘Id alFitr night.”\r\n\r\nImam alSadiq (‘a) is reported to have said, “If one visits alHusayn ibn ‘Ali at the midSha’ban night, the ‘Id alFitr night, and the ‘Arafat night in the same year, Almighty Allah will record for him the reward of one thousand times of admissible hajj and one thousand times of acceptable ‘umrah and will grant him one thousand requests for this world and the Hereafter.”\r\n\r\nImam alBaqir (‘a) is reported to have said, “Whoever spends the ‘Arafat Night in the land of Karbala’ and resides to spend the ‘Arafat Day there and then leaves, Almighty Allah shall save him from the evils of that year.”\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that scholars have dedicated two forms of ziyarah to these two blessed feast days (i.e. ‘Id alFitr and ‘Id alAzha). The first form has been previously cited as the ziyarah form at the Qadr Nights, while the other is the following. What is apparently understood from the words of the scholars is that the first form of ziyarah is said when one visits the holy shrine on the two days of ‘Id alFitr and ‘Id alAzha, while the following form is said when the holy shrine is visited at the two nights before these two days. Thus, the ziyarah form is as follows:\r\n\r\nWhen you intend to visit Imam alHusayn’s tomb at these two nights, you may stop at the gate of the holy dome, cast your sight on the tomb, and seek permission of admission by saying,\r\n\r\nO my master! O Abu-'Abdullah! O son of Allah’s Messenger! I—your slave and son of your slave and your bondwoman, who stand submissively before you, who is worth nothing in comparison with your elevated esteem, and who admits your right (that is incumbent upon us)— have come to you, seeking your shelter, heading for your sanctuary, turning my face towards Your place, and beseeching Allah in your name. May I enter, O my master? May I enter, O intimate servant of Allah? May I enter, O Allah’s angels who surround this sanctuary and reside in this shrine?\r\n\r\nIf your heart feels reverence and your eyes shed tears, then you may enter by preceding your right foot to your left one. You may then say the following words:\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah (I begin), in Allah (I trust), on the way of Allah (I proceed), and the norm of the Messenger of Allah (I follow). O Allah, (please do) enable me to reside blessedly and You are the best of those who enable to reside.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following words:\r\n\r\nAllah is greatly the Most Great. All praise be to Allah abundantly. Glory be to Allah in morns and eves. All praise be to Allah the Single, the Absolute, the Glorious, the One and Only, the All-obliging, the All-benefactor, the Donor, the All-compassionate Who, out of His conferral (upon us) with His bequests, has made easy for me to visit my master out of His beneficence, Who has not included me with those who are prevented from visiting him or those who are rejected from being under his inviolability; rather, He has bestowed upon me and donated me (this favor).\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the shrine. When you reach its center, you may stop near the tomb with reverence, weeping, and submission, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O inheritor of Adam the choice of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Noah the trustee of Allah. Peace be upon you O inheritor of Abraham the Friend of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Moses the spoken by Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Jesus the spirit of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Muhammad, blessings of Allah be upon him and his Household, the most-beloved of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of ‘Ali the Argument of Allah. Peace be upon you, O obedient and pious successor. Peace be upon you, O vengeance of Allah, son of His vengeance, and the unavenged so far. I bear witness that you performed the prayers, defrayed the poor-rate, enjoined the right, forbade the evil, and strove for the sake of Allah as exactly as strife must be until your inviolability was violated and you were slain wrongfully.\r\n\r\nYou may then stop at the side of the Imam’s head with submissive heart and teary eyes and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Abu-'Abdullah. Peace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O son of the chief of the prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O son of Fatimah the luminous lady and the doyenne of the women of the worlds. Peace be upon you, O hero of Muslims. O my master, I bear witness that You were light in the lofty loins and purified wombs. The ignorance could not stain you with its impurities or dress you its gloomy garbs. I also bear witness that you are one of the pillars of the religion, the supports of Muslims, and the havens of the faithful believers. I also bear witness that you are the Godfearing, pious, pleased, pure, guide, and well-guided Imam. I also bear witness that the Imams from your progeny are the spokesmen of piety, the signs of guidance, the firmest handle (of Islam), and the arguments against the inhabitants of this world.\r\n\r\nYou may then throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nTo Allah we belong and to Him is our return. O my master, I am loyal to your loyalists and enemy of your enemies. I also believe in you all and in your Return and I have full confidence in the laws of my religion and in the seals of my deeds. My heart is at peace with your heart and all my affairs are following your commands. O my master, I have come to you fearful; so, (please) secure me. I have come to you seeking shelter; so, (please) grant me shelter. I have come to you deprived; so, (please) grant me wealth. My chief and master, you are, O my master, Allah’s argument against all of His creatures. I believe in your secret and open affairs, in your visible and invisible affairs, and in the foremost and the last of you. I also bear witness that you have recited the Book of Allah and you are the Trustee of Allah, who calls to Allah with wisdom and excellent exhortation. May Allah curse the people who wronged you. May Allah curse the people who were pleased when they heard of that.\r\n\r\nYou may then offer a twounit prayer to the side of the Imam’s head and when you finish, you may say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I have offered a prayer for You and I have genuflected and prostrated myself for You alone without setting any partner to You, because prayers, genuflections, and prostrations are illegal for anyone save You, because You are Allah; there is no god save You. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, convey to them the most favorite salutations and greetings from me, and convey to me their response to my greeting. O Allah, these two units of prayer are a present from me to my master al-Husayn the son of ‘Ali, peace be upon both of them. O Allah, send blessings upon Muhammad and upon him, accept these two units of prayer from me, and reward me for them by granting me the best of my hope and expectation in you and in Your Friend, O Guardian of the believers!\r\n\r\nYou may then throw yourself on the tomb, kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon al-Husayn the son of 'Ali, the wronged and martyred, the victim of shed tears, and the captive of agonies. O Allah, I do bear witness that he is Your intimate friend and the son of Your intimate friend and Your choicest one who revolted to demand with Your right. You have thus honored him with Your honor, sealed his lifetime with martyrdom, made him one of the chiefs and one of the leaders, honored him with immaculate birth, gave him the inheritances of the prophets, and made him argument against Your creatures and one of the Successors. So, he called to You flawlessly, gave advice, and sacrificed himself for Your sake until he could save Your servants from ignorance and perplexity of straying off. Yet, those whom were seduced by this worldly life, those who sold their share of the Hereafter with the lowly price, those who perished because of following their desires, those who brought to themselves Your wrath and the wrath of Your Prophet, and those who obeyed the dissident and hypocritical servants of You and the bearers of the burdens (of sins) who deserve Hellfire—all those supported each other against him; so, he fought against them with steadfastness and expectation of Your reward, facing them courageously, never turning back, and never fearing the blame of anyone concerning carrying out his duty towards You until his blood was shed while he was in obedience to You and his inviolability was also infringed. O Allah, curse them with incessant curses and chastise them with painful chastisement.\r\n\r\nYou may then turn to ‘Ali ibn alHusayn (‘a), who is buried to the side of Imam alHusayn’s feet, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Allah’s intimate servant. Peace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O son of the seal of the prophets. Peace be upon you, O son of Fatimah the doyenne of the women of the worlds. Peace be upon you, O son of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O persecuted and martyred. May Allah accept my father and my mother as ransoms for you. You lived happily and were killed as wronged and martyred.\r\n\r\nYou may then turn to the tombs of the martyrs  may Allah’s pleasure be upon them  and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you all, O defenders of (the faith of) Allah’s Oneness. Peace be upon you because you were constant. How excellent then the issue of the abode is. May Allah accept my father and my mother as ransoms for you. You achieved a great success.\r\n\r\nYou may then walk to the shrine of al’Abbas ibn ‘Ali, stop at his holy tomb, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O righteous servant (of Allah) and veracious self-sacrificing. I bear witness that you believed in Allah, supported the son of Allah’s Messenger, called to the way of Allah, and sacrificed yourself for Him. So, the most favorite greetings and compliments of Allah be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may now throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nMay Allah accept my father and mother as ransoms for you, O supporter of Allah’s religion. Peace be upon you, O supporter of al-Husayn the veracious. Peace be upon you, O supporter of al-Husayn the martyr. Peace from me be upon you as long as I am existent and as long as there are day and night.\r\n\r\nYou may then stand up to offer a twounit prayer to the side of his head and then repeat the same words that you have said after offering a prayer at Imam alHusayn’s shrine. These words, which have been previously cited, begin with the following statement:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I have offer a prayer for You and I have genuflected and prostrated myself for You...\r\n\r\nYou may then return to the shrine of Imam alHusayn (‘a) to reside there for any period you like. However, it is recommended not to appoint the holy shrine as one’s place of residence and spending the night there.\r\n\r\nIf you intend to leave and bid farewell to the Imam (‘a), you may stop at the side of the head and say the following words while weeping:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O my master. This is the greeting of one who has to bid you farewell although he is neither bored with you nor tired of you. If I leave (you), this is not because of weariness, and if I reside, this is not because of mistrusting the promise that Allah has made for the serene ones. O my master, may Allah not decide this time of my visit to you to be the last and may He endue me with more chances to re-visit you, to reside in your sanctuary, and to be in your presence. Respond to me, O Lord of the worlds!\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the tomb and try to pass your entire body over it, because this tomb is security and protection. You may then leave it by walking backwards without giving your back to the tomb. You may say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O door to the High Position. Peace be upon you, O partner of the Qur’an. Peace be upon you, O argument against disputants. Peace be upon you, O ark of salvation. Peace be upon you all, O angels of my Lord who are residing in this sanctuary. Peace be upon you forever as long as I am existent and as long as there are day and night. You may also say the To Allah we belong and to Him is our return. There is neither might nor power except with Allah the All-high and All-great.\r\n\r\nYou may also say the following words:\r\n\r\nYou may then leave.\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus and Muhammad ibn alMashhadi said, “If you do all these devotional acts (correctly), you will be as if you have visited Almighty Allah in His Divine Throne.”"
}