{
    "content": "MERITS\r\n\r\nBe it known to you that the traditions that are reported from the Ahl al-Bayt the Immaculate and infallible about the merits and advantages of visiting Imam al-Husayn (‘a) on the ‘Arafat Day are innumerable. Heading for filling the dear believers with desire for visiting Imam al-Husayn (‘a) on this day, we will hereinafter cite a few number of these traditions:\r\n\r\nBashir al-Dahhan, through a valid chain of authority, has reported that he, once, said to Imam al-Sadiq (‘a), “Some years, I miss the hajj season; therefore, I present myself at the tomb of al-Husayn (‘a).” The Imam (‘a) commented, “Well done, Bashir! Any faithful believer who comes to the tomb of al-Husayn, Allah’s blessings be upon him, with full recognition of his real position on a day other than the feast days, he shall be granted the reward of twenty times of admissible and acceptable hajj and twenty times of admissible and acceptable ‘umrah as well as the reward of participation in twenty campaigns with a commissioned prophet or a decent leader. Moreover, whoever comes to his (i.e. Imam al-Husayn) tomb on the ‘Arafat Day, with full recognition of his real position, will be granted the reward of one thousand times of admissible and acceptable hajj and one thousand times of admissible and acceptable ‘umrah as well as the reward of participating in one thousand campaigns with a commissioned prophet or a decent leader.”\r\n\r\nBashir said, “What shall I be awarded if I present myself at Mount ‘Arafat on that day?”\r\n\r\nSomewhat angrily, the Imam (‘a) looked at him and said, “Bashir, if a faithful believer comes to the tomb of al-Husayn, Allah’s blessings be upon him, on the ‘Arafat Day, washes himself with the water of the River Euphrates, and then turns his face for visiting him, Almighty Allah shall record for him the reward of an entire hajj along with all of its rituals for every step he makes.”\r\n\r\nThe reporter then added, “Most probably, the Imam (‘a) added to this the reward of an entire ‘umrah (or campaign, according to another form of this report).”\r\n\r\nAccording to many validly reported traditions, on the ‘Arafat Day, Almighty Allah looks at the visitors of Imam al-Husayn’s tomb with mercy before He looks at those gathering on ‘Arafat Mountain.( )\r\n\r\nAccording to another validly reported tradition, Rafa’ah reported that Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) once asked him, “Did you go on hajj this year?”\r\n\r\nRafa’ah answered, “May Allah accept me as ransom for you! I did not have enough resources to go to hajj. Rather, I could present myself at the tomb of al-Husayn (‘a).”\r\n\r\nThe Imam (‘a) commented, “Rafa’ah, you have thus not failed to gain what those who presented themselves at Mina have gained! Were it not for that I do not want people to desert going on hajj, I would pass on to you a discourse that if you hear it, you will never leave visiting the tomb of al-Husayn, Allah’s blessings be upon you.”\r\n\r\nThe Imam (‘a) then paused for a while and then continued, “My father has told me that whoever travels to the tomb of al-Husayn (‘a) recognizing his actual position and showing no pride, will be accompanied by one thousand angels on his right side and one thousand angels on his left. The reward of one thousand times of hajj and one thousand times of ‘umrah with a prophet or a prophet’s successor will also be recorded for him.”\r\n\r\nMETHOD\r\n\r\nThe method of visiting Imam al-Husayn’s tomb on the ‘Arafat Day, according to the words of master scholars and chiefs of our sect and faith, is as follows:\r\n\r\nIf you intend to visit Imam al-Husayn (on the ‘Arafat Day), you may bathe yourself using water from the River Euphrates if possible and any other possibly obtained water. You may then put on the purest (and cleanest) of your clothes and walk towards the holy shrine with tranquility and solemnity. When you reach the gate of the holy shrine (i.e. Ha’ir), you may profess Almighty Allah’s most greatness:\r\n\r\n--اَللهُ اَكْبَرُ--Then, say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ كَبِيْرًا وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ كَثِيْرًا وَ سُبْحَانَ اللّٰهِ بُكْرَةً وَ اَصِيْلًا وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيً هَدَانَا لِهٰذَا وَ مَا كُنَّا لِنَهْتَدِيَ لَوْ لَاۤ اَنْ هَدَانَا اللّٰهُ لَقَدْ جَاۤءَتْ رُسُلُ رَبِّنَا بِالْحَقِّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى فَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى عَلِيِّ بْنِ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى جَعْفَرِ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُوْسَى بْنِ جَعْفَرٍ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى عَلِيِّ بْنِ مُوْسٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى عَلِيِّ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْحَسَنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْخَلَفِ الصَّالِحِ الْمُنْتَظَرِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ عَبْدُكَ وَ ابْنُ عَبْدِكَ وَ ابْنُ اَمَتِكَ الْمُوَالِيْ لِوَلِيِّكَ الْمُعَادِيْ لِعَدُوِّكَ اسْتَجَارَ بِمَشْهَدِكَ وَ تَقَرَّبَ اِلَى اللّٰهِ بِقَصْدِكَ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ هَدَانِيْ لِوِلَايَتِكَ وَ خَصَّنِيْ بِزِيَارَتِكَ وَ سَهَّلَ لِيْ قَصْدَكَ۔--You may then enter the shrine, stop next to the side of the Imam’s head, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ اٰدَمَ صَفْوَةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ نُوْحٍ نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ خَلِيْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ مُوْسٰى كَلِيْمِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ عِيْسٰى رُوْحِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ مُحَمَّدٍ حَبِيْبِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ فَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْمُصْطَفٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْمُرْتَضٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ فَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ خَدِيْجَةَ الْكُبْرٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ثَارَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ ثَارِهِ وَ الْوِتْرَ الْمَوْتُوْرَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ، وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ اَطَعْتَ اللّٰهَ حَتّٰىۤ اَتَاكَ الْيَقِيْنُ فَلَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً ظَلَمَتْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً سَمِعَتْ بِذٰلِكَ فَرَضِيَتْ بِهِ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَا اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اُشْهِدُ اللّٰهَ وَ مَلَاۤئِكَتَهُ وَ اَنْبِيَاۤءَهُ وَ رُسُلَهُ اَنِّيْ بِكُمْ مُؤْمِنٌ وَ بِاِيَابِكُمْ مُوْقِنٌ بِشَرَاۤئِعِ دِيْنِيْ وَ خَوَاتِيْمِ عَمَلِيْ وَ مُنْقَلَبِيۤ اِلٰى رَبِّیْ‏ فَصَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْكُمْ وَ عَلٰىۤ اَرْوَاحِكُمْ وَ عَلٰىۤ اَجْسَادِكُمْ وَ عَلٰى شَاهِدِكُمْ وَ عَلٰى غَاۤئِبِكُمْ وَ ظَاهِرِكُمْ وَ بَاطِنِكُمْ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ وَ ابْنَ اِمَامِ الْمُتَّقِيْنَ وَ ابْنَ قَاۤئِدِ الْغُرِّ الْمُحَجَّلِيْنَ اِلٰى جَنَّاتِ النَّعِيْمِ وَ كَيْفَ لَا تَكُوْنُ كَذٰلِكَ وَ اَنْتَ بَابُ الْهُدٰى وَ اِمَامُ التُّقٰى وَ الْعُرْوَةُ الْوُثْقٰى وَ الْحُجَّةُ عَلٰىۤ اَهْلِ الدُّنْيَا وَ خَامِسُ اَصْحَابِ [اَهْلِ‏] الْكِسَاۤءِ غَذَتْكَ يَدُ الرَّحْمَةِ وَ رُضِعْتَ [رَضَعْتَ‏] مِنْ ثَدْيِ الْاِيْمَانِ وَ رُبِّيْتَ فِيْ حِجْرِ الْاِسْلَامِ فَالنَّفْسُ غَيْرُ رَاضِيَةٍ بِفِرَاقِكَ، وَ لَا شَآكَّةٍ فِيْ حَيَاتِكَ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰىۤ اٰبَاۤئِكَ وَ اَبْنَاۤئِكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَرِيْعَ الْعَبْرَةِ السَّاكِبَةِ وَ قَرِيْنَ الْمُصِيْبَةِ الرَّاتِبَةِ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً اسْتَحَلَّتْ مِنْكَ الْمَحَارِمَ [وَ انْتَهَكَتْ فِيْكَ حُرْمَةَ الْاِسْلَامِ‏] فَقُتِلْتَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ مَقْهُوْرًا وَ اَصْبَحَ رَسُوْلُ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ بِكَ مَوْتُوْرًا وَ اَصْبَحَ كِتَابُ اللّٰهِ بِفَقْدِكَ مَهْجُوْرًا اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى جَدِّكَ وَ اَبِيْكَ وَ اُمِّكَ وَ اَخِيْكَ وَ عَلَى الْاَئِمَّةِ مِنْ بَنِيْكَ وَ عَلَى الْمُسْتَشْهَدِيْنَ مَعَكَ وَ عَلَى الْمَلَاۤئِكَةِ الْحَآفِّيْنَ بِقَبْرِكَ وَ الشَّاهِدِيْنَ لِزُوَّارِكَ الْمُؤَمِّنِيْنَ بِالْقَبُوْلِ عَلٰى دُعَاۤءِ شِيْعَتِكَ، وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ لَقَدْ عَظُمَتِ الرَّزِيَّةُ وَ جَلَّتِ الْمُصِيْبَةُ بِكَ عَلَيْنَا وَ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ اَهْلِ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَ الْاَرْضِ فَلَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً اَسْرَجَتْ وَ اَلْجَمَتْ وَ تَهَيَّاَتْ لِقِتَالِكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ قَصَدْتُ حَرَمَكَ وَ اَتَيْتُ مَشْهَدَكَ اَسْاَلُ اللّٰهَ بِالشَّأْنِ الَّذِيْ لَكَ عِنْدَهُ وَ بِالْمَحَلِّ الَّذِيْ لَكَ لَدَيْهِ اَنْ يُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ يَجْعَلَنِيْ مَعَكُمْ فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ بِمَنِّهِ وَ جُوْدِهِ وَ كَرَمِهِ۔--You may then kiss the tomb and offer a two-unit prayer in which you may recite any Surah you wish. Upon accomplishment, you may say the following supplicatory words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي صَلَّيْتُ وَ رَكَعْتُ وَ سَجَدْتُ لَكَ وَحْدَكَ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَكَ لِاَنَّ الصَّلَاةَ وَ الرُّكُوْعَ وَ السُّجُوْدَ لَا یَكُوْنُ اِلَّا لَكَ لِاَنَّكَ اَنْتَ اللّٰهُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَبْلِغْهُمْ عَنِّيۤ اَفْضَلَ التَّحِيَّةِ وَ السَّلَامِ وَ ارْدُدْ عَلَيَّ مِنْهُمُ التَّحِيَّةَ وَ السَّلَامَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ هَاتَانِ الرَّكْعَتَانِ هَدِيَّةٌ مِنِّيۤ اِلٰى مَوْلَايَ وَ سَيِّدِيْ وَ اِمَامِي الْحُسَيْنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ عَلَيْهِمَا السَّلَامُ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ تَقَبَّلْ ذٰلِكَ مِنِّيْ وَ اجْزِنِيْ عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ اَفْضَلَ اَمَلِيْ وَ رَجَاۤئِيْ فِيْكَ وَ فِيْ وَلِيِّكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may then turn to the side of the Imam’s feet and visit ‘Ali ibn al-Husayn (‘a) whose head is at the side of Imam al-Husayn’s feet, and say these words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْحُسَيْنِ الشَّهِيْدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الشَّهِيْدُ ابْنُ الشَّهِيْدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْمَظْلُوْمُ ابْنُ الْمَظْلُوْمِ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً ظَلَمَتْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً سَمِعَتْ بِذٰلِكَ فَرَضِيَتْ بِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ‏ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ وَلِيِّهِ لَقَدْ عَظُمَتِ الْمُصِيْبَةُ وَ جَلَّتِ الرَّزِيَّةُ بِكَ عَلَيْنَا وَ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ فَلَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكَ وَ اَبْرَاُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ وَ اِلَيْكَ مِنْهُمْ فِي الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ۔--You may then turn your face to the martyrs and visit them with the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَوْلِيَاۤءَ اللّٰهِ وَ اَحِبَّاۤءَهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَصْفِيَاۤءَ اللّٰهِ وَ اَوِدَّاۤءَهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَنْصَارَ دِيْنِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَنْصَارَ نَبِيِّهِ وَ اَنْصَارَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ اَنْصَارَ فَاطِمَةَ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَنْصَارَ اَبِيْ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْحَسَنِ الْوَلِيِّ النَّاصِحِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَنْصَارَ اَبِيْ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ الْحُسَيْنِ الشَّهِيْدِ الْمَظْلُوْمِ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْهِمْ اَجْمَعِيْنَ بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتُمْ وَ اُمِّيْ طِبْتُمْ وَ طَابَتِ الْاَرْضُ الَّتِيْ فِيْهَا دُفِنْتُمْ وَ فُزْتُمْ وَ اللّٰهِ فَوْزًا عَظِيْمًا يَا لَيْتَنِيْ كُنْتُ مَعَكُمْ فَاَفُوْزَ مَعَكُمْ فِي الْجِنَانِ مَعَ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ وَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ وَ حَسُنَ اُوْلٰۤئِكَ رَفِيْقًا وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ ۔--You may then return to the side of Imam al-Husayn’s head and pray as frequently as possible for yourself, your family members, and your brethren-in-faith.\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus and al-Shahid added the following:\r\n\r\nYou may then walk to the shrine of al-’Abbas, may Allah be pleased with him. When you reach there, you may stop at the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْفَضْلِ الْعَبَّاسَ ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَوَّلِ الْقَوْمِ اِسْلَامًا وَ اَقْدَمِهِمْ اِيْمَانًا وَ اَقْوَمِهِمْ بِدِيْنِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَحْوَطِهِمْ عَلَى الْاِسْلَامِ اَشْهَدُ لَقَدْ نَصَحْتَ لِلّٰهِ وَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ لِاَخِيْكَ فَنِعْمَ الْاَخُ الْمُوَاسِيْ فَلَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً ظَلَمَتْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً اِسْتَحَلَّتْ مِنْكَ الْمَحَارِمَ وَ انْتَهَكَتْ فِيْ قَتْلِكَ حُرْمَةَ الْاِسْلَامِ فَنِعْمَ الْاَخُ الصَّابِرُ الْمُجَاهِدُ الْمُحَامِي النَّاصِرُ وَ الْاَخُ الدَّافِعُ عَنْ اَخِيْهِ الْمُجِيْبُ اِلٰى طَاعَةِ رَبِّهِ الرَّاغِبُ فِيْمَا زَهِدَ فِيْهِ غَيْرُهُ مِنَ الثَّوَابِ الْجَزِيْلِ وَ الثَّنَاۤءِ الْجَمِيْلِ وَ اَلْحَقَكَ اللّٰهُ بِدَرَجَةِ اٰبَاۤئِكَ فِي دَارِ النَّعِيْمِ اِنَّهُ حَمِيْدٌ مَجِيْدٌ ۔--You may then throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ لَكَ تَعَرَّضْتُ وَ لِزِيَارَةِ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ قَصَدْتُ رَغْبَةً فِيْ ثَوَابِكَ وَ رَجَاۤءً لِمَغْفِرَتِكَ وَ جَزِيْلِ اِحْسَانِكَ فَاَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَجْعَلَ رِزْقِيْ بِهِمْ دَآرًّا وَ عَيْشِيْ بِهِمْ قَآرًّا وَ زِيَارَتِيْ بِهِمْ مَقْبُوْلَةً وَ ذَنْبِيْ بِهِمْ مَغْفُوْرًا وَ اقْلِبْنِيْ بِهِمْ مُفْلِحًا مُنْجِحًا مُسْتَجَابًا دُعَاۤئِيْ بِاَفْضَلِ مَا يَنْقَلِبُ بِهِ اَحَدٌ مِنْ زُوَّارِهِ وَ الْقَاصِدِيْنَ اِلَيْهِ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may then kiss the tomb and offer there the prayer of ziyarah as well as any other prayer you wish to offer. When you intend to bid farewell to him, you may say the words that have been previously cited at bidding farewell.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "MERITS\r\n\r\nBe it known to you that the traditions that are reported from the Ahl alBayt the Immaculate and infallible about the merits and advantages of visiting Imam alHusayn (‘a) on the ‘Arafat Day are innumerable. Heading for filling the dear believers with desire for visiting Imam alHusayn (‘a) on this day, we will hereinafter cite a few number of these traditions:\r\n\r\nBashir alDahhan, through a valid chain of authority, has reported that he, once, said to Imam alSadiq (‘a), “Some years, I miss the hajj season; therefore, I present myself at the tomb of alHusayn (‘a).” The Imam (‘a) commented, “Well done, Bashir! Any faithful believer who comes to the tomb of alHusayn, Allah’s blessings be upon him, with full recognition of his real position on a day other than the feast days, he shall be granted the reward of twenty times of admissible and acceptable hajj and twenty times of admissible and acceptable ‘umrah as well as the reward of participation in twenty campaigns with a commissioned prophet or a decent leader. Moreover, whoever comes to his (i.e. Imam alHusayn) tomb on the ‘Arafat Day, with full recognition of his real position, will be granted the reward of one thousand times of admissible and acceptable hajj and one thousand times of admissible and acceptable ‘umrah as well as the reward of participating in one thousand campaigns with a commissioned prophet or a decent leader.”\r\n\r\nBashir said, “What shall I be awarded if I present myself at Mount ‘Arafat on that day?”\r\n\r\nSomewhat angrily, the Imam (‘a) looked at him and said, “Bashir, if a faithful believer comes to the tomb of alHusayn, Allah’s blessings be upon him, on the ‘Arafat Day, washes himself with the water of the River Euphrates, and then turns his face for visiting him, Almighty Allah shall record for him the reward of an entire hajj along with all of its rituals for every step he makes.”\r\n\r\nThe reporter then added, “Most probably, the Imam (‘a) added to this the reward of an entire ‘umrah (or campaign, according to another form of this report).”\r\n\r\nAccording to many validly reported traditions, on the ‘Arafat Day, Almighty Allah looks at the visitors of Imam alHusayn’s tomb with mercy before He looks at those gathering on ‘Arafat Mountain.( )\r\n\r\nAccording to another validly reported tradition, Rafa’ah reported that Imam alSadiq (‘a) once asked him, “Did you go on hajj this year?”\r\n\r\nRafa’ah answered, “May Allah accept me as ransom for you! I did not have enough resources to go to hajj. Rather, I could present myself at the tomb of alHusayn (‘a).”\r\n\r\nThe Imam (‘a) commented, “Rafa’ah, you have thus not failed to gain what those who presented themselves at Mina have gained! Were it not for that I do not want people to desert going on hajj, I would pass on to you a discourse that if you hear it, you will never leave visiting the tomb of alHusayn, Allah’s blessings be upon you.”\r\n\r\nThe Imam (‘a) then paused for a while and then continued, “My father has told me that whoever travels to the tomb of alHusayn (‘a) recognizing his actual position and showing no pride, will be accompanied by one thousand angels on his right side and one thousand angels on his left. The reward of one thousand times of hajj and one thousand times of ‘umrah with a prophet or a prophet’s successor will also be recorded for him.”\r\n\r\nMETHOD\r\n\r\nThe method of visiting Imam alHusayn’s tomb on the ‘Arafat Day, according to the words of master scholars and chiefs of our sect and faith, is as follows:\r\n\r\nIf you intend to visit Imam alHusayn (on the ‘Arafat Day), you may bathe yourself using water from the River Euphrates if possible and any other possibly obtained water. You may then put on the purest (and cleanest) of your clothes and walk towards the holy shrine with tranquility and solemnity. When you reach the gate of the holy shrine (i.e. Ha’ir), you may profess Almighty Allah’s most greatness:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great.\r\n\r\nThen, say the following words:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great of all. All praise be to Allah very much. Glory be to Allah in mornings and evenings. All praise be to Allah Who has guided us to this. We would not have been guided if Allah had not guided us. The messengers of our Lord have indeed come with the truth. Peace be upon the Messenger of Allah, peace of Allah be upon him and his Household. Peace be upon the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon Fatimah the luminous and the doyenne of all women of the world. Peace be upon al-Hasan and al-Husayn. Peace be upon 'Ali the son of al-Husayn. Peace be upon Muhammad the son of 'Ali Peace be upon Ja'far the son of Muhammad. Peace be upon Musa the son of Ja'far. Peace be upon ‘Ali the son of Musa. Peace be upon Muhammad the son of 'Ali. Peace be upon 'Ali the son of Muhammad. Peace be upon al-Hasan the son of 'Ali. Peace be upon the virtuous Successor and Awaited. Peace be upon you, O Abu-'Abdullah. Peace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. I—the servant of you and the son of your servant and your bondwoman, who is loyal to those who are loyal to you and enemy of those who are your enemies— am seeking the shelter of your shrine and seeking nearness to Allah through directing to you. All praise be to Allah Who guided me to be loyal to you, Who conferred upon me with my visiting you, and Who made easy for me to direct to you.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the shrine, stop next to the side of the Imam’s head, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O inheritor of Adam the chosen by Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Noah the prophet of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Abraham the friend of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Moses the spoken by Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Jesus the spirit of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Muhammad the most beloved by Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Fatimah the luminous. Peace be upon you, O son of Muhammad the well-chosen prophet. Peace be upon you, O son of ‘Ali the well-pleased. Peace be upon you, O son of Fatimah the luminous. Peace be upon you, O son of Khadfjah the grand lady. Peace be upon you, O vengeance of Allah and son of His vengeance and the unavenged sanctity. I bear witness that you performed the prayers, defrayed the poor-rates, enjoined the right, forbade the wrong, and obeyed Allah until death came upon you. May Allah curse the people who slew you. May Allah curse the people who wronged you. May Allah curse the people who were informed about that but they approved it. O my master! O Abu-Abdullah! I call Allah, His angels, His Prophets, and His Messengers to witness that I believe in you and in your Return and I have faith in the laws of my religion and in the sealing deeds of mine, and in my final return to my Lord. Allah’s blessings be upon you all, upon your souls, upon your bodies, upon the present and the absent (of your group), and upon the manifest and the hidden (of your affairs). Peace be upon you, O son of the Seal of Prophets, son of the chief of the Prophets’ successors, son of the leader of the pious, and son of the white-forehead, marked believers. How can that you be anything other than this while you are the door to the true guidance, the guide to piety, the firmest handle, the argument against the inhabitants of this world, and the fifth of the People of the Cloak. You were nourished by the hand of mercy, breast-fed by the bosom of faith, and brought up in the lap of Islam. So, my soul is definitely displeased by the way you left this world and it has no doubt that you are alive. Allah’s blessings be upon you, your ascendants, and your descendants. Peace be upon you, O object of the pouring tears and match of the astounding misfortune. May Allah curse the people who violated your sanctities and infringed the holiness of Islam. So, you—may Allah’s blessings be upon you—were killed overwhelmed, the Messenger of Allah, Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, became cut off because of loss of you, and the Book of Allah became deserted due to losing you. Peace be upon you, your grandfather, your father, your mother, your brother, the Imams from your descendants, those who were martyred with you, and the angels who are surrounding your tomb, witnessing for your visitors, and praying for the acceptance of the prayers of your adherents. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. May my father and mother be ransoms for you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. May my father and mother be ransoms for you, O Abu-Abdullah. So unbearable is the misfortune and so horrendous is the calamity of you for us and for all the inhabitants of the heavens and the earth. May Allah curse the people who put saddles and reins on their animals and readied themselves for fighting against you. O my master! O Abu-Abdullah! I have directed to your sanctuary and I have come to your shrine asking Almighty Allah in the name of the standing that you enjoy with Him and in the name of the position that you occupy with him to send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and to include me with your group in this world and in the Hereafter, out of His favor, magnanimity, and generosity.\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the tomb and offer a twounit prayer in which you may recite any Surah you wish. Upon accomplishment, you may say the following supplicatory words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I have offered a prayer, genuflected, and prostrated myself for Your sake purely without setting any partner with You, since all prayers, genuflections, and prostrations suit none except You. Because You are Allah; there in no god save You. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, convey to them my best greetings and compliments, and convey to me their replies to my greetings and compliments. O Allah, these two units of prayer are present from me to my master, chief, and leader, al-Husayn the son of ‘Ali, peace be upon both of them. O Allah, send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and accept that from me and reward me for it in the best rewarding that I anticipate and hope from You and from Your saint. O most merciful of all those who show mercy!\r\n\r\nYou may then turn to the side of the Imam’s feet and visit ‘Ali ibn alHusayn (‘a) whose head is at the side of Imam alHusayn’s feet, and say these words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Prophet. Peace be upon you, O son of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O son of al-Husayn the martyr. Peace be upon you, O martyr and son of the martyr. Peace be upon you, O persecuted and son of the persecuted. May Allah curse the people who slew you. May Allah curse the people who wronged you. May Allah curse the people who were informed of that and they approved it. Peace be upon you, O my master. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s friend and son of His friend. Unbearable is the misfortune and so horrendous is the calamity of you for us and for all faithful believers. May Allah curse the people who slew you. I release myself in the presence of Allah and you from these people in this world and in the Hereafter.\r\n\r\nYou may then turn your face to the martyrs and visit them with the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Allah’s friends and beloved by him. Peace be upon you, O choices of Allah and His favorites. Peace be upon you, O supporters of Allah’s Religion, supporters of His Prophet, supporters of the Commander of the Faithful, and supporters of Fatimah the doyenne of the women of the world. Peace be upon you, O supporters of Abü-Muhammad al-Hasan the sincere saint. Peace be upon you, O supporters of Abü-Abdullâh al-Husayn the wronged martyr. Blessings of Allah be upon them all. May my father and mother be your ransoms. Pure are you, and pure is the soil in which you were buried. And, by Allah, great is your triumph. I wish I were with you so that I would have won with you in the gardens of Paradise with the martyrs and the righteous. Excellent is the companionship of these. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you all.\r\n\r\nYou may then return to the side of Imam alHusayn’s head and pray as frequently as possible for yourself, your family members, and your brethreninfaith.\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus and alShahid added the following:\r\n\r\nYou may then walk to the shrine of al’Abbas, may Allah be pleased with him. When you reach there, you may stop at the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Abu’l-Fadl al- 'Abbas son of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O son of the chief of the Prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O son of the foremost in accepting Islam, the leading in having faith in it, the most perfect in carrying out the laws of Allah’s religion, and the most careful for Islam. I bear witness that you have acted sincerely for the sake of Allah, His Messenger, and your brother. So, how excellent sacrificing brother you are! May Allah curse the people who slew you. May Allah curse the people who wronged you. May Allah curse the people who violated your sanctities and infringed the holiness of Islam when they killed you. Most excellent steadfast, striver brother, defender, supporter, one who stood up for his brother, one who responded to the obedience to his Lord, and one who desired for what others deemed unworthy; namely, the abundant reward and the excellent praise you are. May Allah attach you to the rank of your ancestors in the Abode of Bliss.\r\n\r\nYou may then throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I am presenting myself before You and I am intending to visit your intimate servants, for I desire for gaining Your reward and I hope for Your forgiveness and abundant benevolence. So, I beseech You to send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, and, (I beseech You) in their names, to make my sustenance unstoppable, my life peaceful, my pilgrimage admissible, my life serene, and my sins forgiven. And (I beseech You to) make me return from them with success and prosperity, having my prayers granted, with the best things with which any one of his visitors and comers may return; in the name of Your mercy, O most merciful of all those who show mercy.\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the tomb and offer there the prayer of ziyarah as well as any other prayer you wish to offer. When you intend to bid farewell to him, you may say the words that have been previously cited at bidding farewell. These words begin with the following statement:\r\n\r\nPeace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. I entrust you with Allah and ask Him to keep you under His custody, and to send blessings upon you..."
}