{
    "content": "2 UNIT PRAYER FOR FIRST 10 NIGHTS OF ZILHAJ (و واعد ناموسی)\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to observe fasting on the first nine days of Dhu’l-Hijjah, for it is equal to the fasting of one’s whole lifetime.\r\n\r\nSecond: At each of these ten nights, it is recommended to offer a two unit prayer between the Maghrib and Isha’ obligatory prayers and to recite at each unit Surah al-Faatehah once, Surah al-Tawheed once, and the following verse (7/142):\r\n\r\n--وَ وَاعَدْنَا مُوْسٰى ثَلَاثِيْنَ لَيْلَةً وَ اَتْمَمْنَاهَا بِعَشْرٍ فَتَمَّ مِيْقَاتُ رَبِّهِ اَرْبَعِيْنَ لَيْلَةً وَ قَالَ مُوْسٰى لِاَخِيْهِ هَارُوْنَ اخْلُفْنِيْ فِيْ قَوْمِيْ وَ اَصْلِحْ وَ لَا تَتَّبِعْ سَبِيْلَ الْمُفْسِدِيْنَ۔--The reward of offering this prayer is to participate in the rewards of those who go on Hajj.\r\n\r\nThird: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer, which is reported by Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus from Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq(a.s.), after the obligatory Fajr and Maghrib Prayers since the first day of Dhu’l-Hijjah and up to the eve of the ‘Arafat Night, the ninth of Dhu’l-Hijjah:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ هٰذِهِ الْاَيَّامُ الَّتِيْ فَضَّلْتَهَا عَلَى الْاَيَّامِ وَ شَرَّفْتَهَا قَدْ بَلَّغْتَنِيْهَا بِمَنِّكَ وَ رَحْمَتِكَ فَاَنْزِلْ عَلَيْنَا مِنْ بَرَكَاتِكَ وَ اَوْسِعْ عَلَيْنَا فِيْهَا مِنْ نَعْمَاۤئِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَهْدِيَنَا فِيْهَا لِسَبِيْلِ الْهُدٰى وَ الْعَفَافِ وَ الْغِنٰى وَ الْعَمَلِ فِيْهَا بِمَا تُحِبُّ وَ تَرْضٰىۤ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ يَا مَوْضِعَ كُلِّ شَكْوٰى وَ يَا سَامِعَ كُلِّ نَجْوٰى وَ يَا شَاهِدَ كُلِّ مَلَاٍ وَ يَا عَالِمَ كُلِّ خَفِيَّةٍ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَكْشِفَ عَنَّا فِيْهَا الْبَلَاۤءَ وَ تَسْتَجِيْبَ لَنَا فِيْهَا الدُّعَاۤءَ وَ تُقَوِّيَنَا فِيْهَا وَ تُعِيْنَنَا وَ تُوَفِّقَنَا فِيْهَا لِمَا تُحِبُّ رَبَّنَا وَ تَرْضٰى وَ عَلٰى مَا افْتَرَضْتَ عَلَيْنَا مِنْ طَاعَتِكَ وَ طَاعَةِ رَسُوْلِكَ وَ اَهْلِ وِلَايَتِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَ اَنْ تَهَبَ لَنَا فِيْهَا الرِّضَا اِنَّكَ سَمِيْعُ الدُّعَاۤءِ وَ لَا تَحْرِمْنَا خَيْرَ مَا تُنْزِلُ فِيْهَا مِنَ السَّمَاۤءِ وَ طَهِّرْنَا مِنَ الذُّنُوْبِ يَا عَلَّامَ الْغُيُوْبِ وَ اَوْجِبْ لَنَا فِيْهَا دَارَ الْخُلُوْدِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ لَا تَتْرُكْ لَنَا فِيْهَا ذَنْبًا اِلَّا غَفَرْتَهُ وَ لَا هَمًّا اِلَّا فَرَّجْتَهُ وَ لَا دَيْنًا اِلَّا قَضَيْتَهُ وَ لَا غَاۤئِبًا اِلَّاۤ اَدَّيْتَهُ وَ لَا حَاجَةً مِنْ حَوَاۤئِجِ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ اِلَّا سَهَّلْتَهَا وَ يَسَّرْتَهَا اِنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ قَدِيْرٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ يَا عَالِمَ الْخَفِيَّاتِ يَا رَاحِمَ الْعَبَرَاتِ يَا مُجِيْبَ الدَّعَوَاتِ يَا رَبَّ الْاَرَضِيْنَ وَ السَّمَاوَاتِ يَا مَنْ لَا تَتَشَابَهُ عَلَيْهِ الْاَصْوَاتُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اجْعَلْنَا فِيْهَا مِنْ عُتَقَاۤئِكَ وَ طُلَقَاۤئِكَ مِنَ النَّارِ وَ الْفَاۤئِزِيْنَ بِجَنَّتِكَ وَ النَّاجِيْنَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى سَيِّدِنَا مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ۔--Fourth: It is recommended to say the following five testaments on the first ten days of Dhu’l-Hijjah:\r\n\r\n--(1) اَشْهَدُ اَنْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ لَهُ الْمُلْكُ وَ لَهُ الْحَمْدُ بِيَدِهِ الْخَيْرُ وَ هُوَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ قَدِيْرٌ (2) اَشْهَدُ اَنْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ اَحَدًا صَمَدًا لَمْ يَتَّخِذْ صَاحِبَةً وَ لَا وَلَدًا (3) اَشْهَدُ اَنْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ اَحَدًا صَمَدًا لَمْ يَلِدْ وَ لَمْ يُوْلَدْ وَ لَمْ يَكُنْ لَهُ كُفُوًا اَحَدٌ (4) اَشْهَدُ اَنْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ لَهُ الْمُلْكُ وَ لَهُ الْحَمْدُ يُحْيِيْ وَ يُمِيْتُ وَ هُوَ حَيٌّ لَا يَمُوْتُ بِيَدِهِ الْخَيْرُ وَ هُوَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ قَدِيْرٌ (5) حَسْبِيَ اللّٰهُ وَ كَفٰى سَمِعَ اللّٰهُ لِمَنْ دَعَا لَيْسَ وَرَاۤءَ اللّٰهِ مُنْتَهٰى اَشْهَدُ لِلّٰهِ بِمَا دَعَا وَ اَنَّهُ بَرِيْۤ‏ءٌ مِمَّنْ تَبَرَّاَ وَ اَنَّ لِلّٰهِ الْاٰخِرَةَ وَ الْاُوْلٰى۔--Archangel Gabriel has conveyed these five testaments as gift of Almighty Allah to Prophet Jesus (a.s.) and instructed him to say them on the first ten days of Dhu’l-Hijjah.\r\n\r\nAn excellent reward has been mentioned to be for whoever repeats these five statements one hundred times each day. However, ‘Allamah al-Majlisi says that it is not improbable that each of these five testaments is repeated ten times each day. Yet, to repeat them one hundred times is better.\r\n\r\nFifth: It is recommended to say the following doxology (zikr), which is reported from Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen(a.s.), on the first ten days of Dhu’l-Hijjah. An excellent reward has been reported for those saying this doxology (zikr), which should preferably be repeated ten times a day:\r\n\r\n--لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ عَدَدَ اللَّيَالِيْ وَ الدُّهُوْرِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ عَدَدَ اَمْوَاجِ الْبُحُوْرِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَ رَحْمَتُهُ خَيْرٌ مِمَّا يَجْمَعُوْنَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ عَدَدَ الشَّوْكِ وَ الشَّجَرِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ عَدَدَ الشَّعْرِ وَ الْوَبَرِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ عَدَدَ الْحَجَرِ وَ الْمَدَرِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ عَدَدَ لَمْحِ الْعُيُوْنِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ فِي اللَّيْلِ اِذَا عَسْعَسَ وَ الصُّبْحِ اِذَا تَنَفَّسَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ عَدَدَ الرِّيَاحِ فِي الْبَرَارِيْ وَ الصُّخُوْرِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ مِنَ الْيَوْمِ اِلٰى يَوْمِ يُنْفَخُ فِي الصُّوْرِ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "2 UNIT PRAYER FOR FIRST 10 NIGHTS OF ZILHAJ (و واعد ناموسی)\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to observe fasting on the first nine days of Dhu’l-Hijjah, for it is equal to the fasting of one’s whole lifetime.\r\n\r\nSecond: At each of these ten nights, it is recommended to offer a two unit prayer between the Maghrib and Isha’ obligatory prayers and to recite at each unit Surah al-Faatehah once, Surah al-Tawheed once, and the following verse (7/142):\r\n\r\nAnd We appointed with Moses a time of thirty nights and completed them with ten more, so the appointed time of his Lord was complete forty nights, and Moses said to his brother Aaron: Take my place among my people, and act well and do not follow the way of the mischief-makers.\r\n\r\nThe reward of offering this prayer is to participate in the rewards of those who go on Hajj.\r\n\r\nThird: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer, which is reported by Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus from Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq (a.s.), after the obligatory Fajr and Maghrib Prayers since the first day of Dhu’l-Hijjah and up to the eve of the ‘Arafat Night, the ninth of Dhu’l-Hijjah:\r\n\r\nO Allah, these days that You have preferred and favored on other days, You have allowed me to attain them out of Your favor and mercy; so, (please) descend on us Your blessings and expand for us Your boons. O Allah, I beseech you to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and to guide us on these days to the path of guidance, chastity, sufficiency, and doing that which You like and please. O Allah, I beseech You, O object of all complaints, O Hearer of all confidential talks, O Attendant in all sessions, O Knower of all hidden matters, to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, relieve us from all hardships on these days, respond to our prayers, grant us power, aid us, and lead us successfully to all that which You, O our Lord, like and please and to do acts of obedience to You that which You have made obligatory upon us as well as acts of obedience to Your Messenger and to the men of Your leadership. O Allah, I beseech You, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy, to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and grant us [Your] pleasure on these days. You are verily Hearer of prayers. Do not deprive us of the good that You cause to come down from the heavens on these days, purify us from sins, O Knower of all unseen things, and make certain for us the abode of immortality. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and do not leave for us a sin but that You forgive it, no depression but that You relieve it, no debt but that You help us settle it, no absent but that You make join us, and no need in this world and the Next World but that You make it easy and obtainable. You, verily, have power over all things. O Allah! O Knower of all hidden things! O Merciful of all tears! O Answerer of all prayers! O Lord of the [layers of the] earth and the heavens! O He Who is not confused by various sounds! (Please) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include us, on these days, with those whom You release and discharge from Hellfire, those whom You make win Your Paradise, and those whom You save, out of Your mercy. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! Allah may send blessings to our master, Muhammad, and to his entire Household.\r\n\r\nFourth: It is recommended to say the following five testaments on the first ten days of Dhu’l-Hijjah:\r\n\r\n(1) I bear witness that there is no god save Allah, alone without having any partner. His is the kingdom and His is all praise. In His Hand is all goodness, and He has power over all things. (2) I bear witness that there is no god save Allah, alone without having any partner. One and Only and Besought of all. He has not taken to Himself wife nor son. (3) I bear witness that there is no god save Allah, alone without having any partner, One and Only and Besought of all. He begets not, nor is He begotten, and there is none comparable to Him. (4) I bear witness that there is no god save Allah, alone without having any partner. His is the kingdom and His is all praise. He brings to life and causes to die, and He is Ever-living and never dies. In His Hand is all goodness and He has power over all things. (5) Sufficient to me is Allah and nothing else. May Allah listen from him who prays to Him. There is no end beyond Allah. I bear witness to Allah for all that He has declared, He is clear of all that from which He has declared clearness, and Allah’s is the end and the beginning of all things.\r\n\r\nArchangel Gabriel has conveyed these five testaments as gift of Almighty Allah to Prophet Jesus (a.s.) and instructed him to say them on the first ten days of Dhu’l-Hijjah.\r\n\r\nAn excellent reward has been mentioned to be for whoever repeats these five statements one hundred times each day. However, ‘Allamah al-Majlisi says that it is not improbable that each of these five testaments is repeated ten times each day. Yet, to repeat them one hundred times is better.\r\n\r\nFifth: It is recommended to say the following doxology (zikr) (zikr), which is reported from Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen (a.s.), on the first ten days of Dhu’l-Hijjah. An excellent reward has been reported for those saying this doxology (zikr) (zikr), which should preferably be repeated ten times a day:\r\n\r\nThere is no god save Allah as many as nights and ages. There is no god save Allah as many as the waves of oceans. There is no god save Allah and His mercy is better than what they amass. There is no god save Allah as many as thorns and trees. There is no god save Allah as many as hairs and piles. There is no god save Allah as many as stones and loams. There is no god save Allah as many as sights of eyes. There is no god save Allah in the night when it departs and in the morning when it brightens. There is no god save Allah as much as wind in lands and rocks. There is no god save Allah from this day up to the day when the Trumpet will be blown."
}