{
    "content": "Sixth: It is recommended to repeat the following supplicatory prayer ten times. It has been already cited within the devotional acts at Friday nights:\r\n\r\nSeventh: It is recommended to offer the ten unit prayer which has been mentioned within the devotional acts of the last night of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nEighth: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer reciting, in the first unit, Surah al-Faatehah once and repeating Surah al-Tawheed one thousand times and reciting, in the second unit, Surah al-Faatehah once and Surah al-Tawheed once only. After accomplishment, it is recommended to prostrate and say the following:\r\n\r\nAfter that, the following supplicatory prayer should be said:\r\n\r\n--يَا ذَا الْمَنِّ وَ الْجُوْدِ يَا ذَا الْمَنِّ وَ الطَّوْلِ يَا مُصْطَفِيَ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ افْعَلْ بِيْ كَذَا وَ كَذَا۔--Then, one may pray for the granting of one’s personal needs.\r\n\r\nIt is reported that when Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen(a.s.) used to offer this prayer, he would say, “I swear by Him Who grasps my soul, Almighty Allah shall definitely respond to whoever offers this prayer and then prays Him for granting his needs, and Almighty Allah shall forgive him even if his sins would be as much as the pebbles in deserts.”\r\n\r\nAccording to another narration, Surah al-Tawheed is repeated one hundred times, not one thousand. Yet, this narration has mentioned that this prayer is offered after the Maghrib obligatory and supererogatory (mustahab / nafilah) prayers.\r\n\r\nHaving mentioned this prayer, Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus recorded that the following supplicatory prayer should be said after the prayer:\r\n\r\n--يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَحْمَانُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَحِيْمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَلِكُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا قُدُّوْسُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا سَلَامُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُؤْمِنُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُهَيْمِنُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا عَزِيْزُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا جَبَّارُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُتَكَبِّرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا خَالِقُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا بَارِئُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُصَوِّرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا عَالِمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا عَظِيْمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا عَلِيْمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا كَرِيْمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا حَلِيْمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا حَكِيْمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا سَمِيْعُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا بَصِيْرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا قَرِيْبُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُجِيْبُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا جَوَادُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَاجِدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَلِيُّ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا وَفِيُّ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَوْلٰى يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا قَاضِيْ، يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا سَرِيْعُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا شَدِيْدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَؤُفُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَقِيْبُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَجِيْدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا حَفِيْظُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُحِيْطُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا سَيِّدَ السَّادَاتِ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا اَوَّلُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا اٰخِرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا ظَاهِرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا بَاطِنُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا فَاخِرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا قَاهِرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا وَدُوْدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا نُوْرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَافِعُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَانِعُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا دَافِعُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا فَاتِحُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا نَفَّاحُ  يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا جَلِيْلُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا جَمِيْلُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا شَهِيْدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا شَاهِدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُغِيْثُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا حَبِيْبُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا فَاطِرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُطَهِّرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَلِكُ، يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُقْتَدِرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا قَابِضُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا بَاسِطُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُحْيِيْ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُمِيْتُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا بَاعِثُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا وَارِثُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُعْطِيْ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُفْضِلُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُنْعِمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا حَقُّ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُبِيْنُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا طَيِّبُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُحْسِنُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُجْمِلُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُبْدِئُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُعِيْدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا بَارِئُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا بَدِيْعُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا هَادِيْ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا كَافِيْ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا شَافِيْ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا عَلِيُّ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا عَظِيْمُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا حَنَّانُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَنَّانُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا ذَا الطَّوْلِ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُتَعَالِيْ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا عَدْلُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا ذَا الْمَعَارِجِ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا صَادِقُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا صَدُوْقُ، يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا دَيَّانُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا بَاقِيْ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا وَاقِيْ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا ذَا الْاِكْرَامِ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَحْمُوْدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مَعْبُوْدُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا صَانِعُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُعِيْنُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا مُكَوِّنُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا فَعَّالُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا لَطِيْفُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا غَفُوْرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ  يَا شَكُوْرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا نُوْرُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا قَدِيْرُ  يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبَّاهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلَى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ تَمُنَّ عَلَيَّ بِرِضَاكَ وَ تَعْفُوَ عَنِّيْ بِحِلْمِكَ وَ تُوَسِّعَ عَلَيَّ مِنْ رِزْقِكَ الْحَلَالِ الطَّيِّبِ وَ مِنْ حَيْثُ اَحْتَسِبُ، وَ مِنْ حَيْثُ لَاۤ اَحْتَسِبُ فَاِنِّيْ عَبْدُكَ لَيْسَ لِيْۤ اَحَدٌ سِوَاكَ وَ لَاۤ اَحَدٌ اَسْاَلُهُ غَيْرُكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ مَا شَاۤءَ اَللّٰهُ لَا قُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللّٰهِ الْعَلِيِّ الْعَظِيْمِ--One may then prostrate oneself and say the following:\r\n\r\n--يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا اَللّٰهُ يَا رَبِّ يَا رَبِّ يَا رَبِّ يَا مُنْزِلَ الْبَرَكَاتِ بِكَ تُنْزَلُ كُلُّ حَاجَةٍ اَسْاَلُكَ بِكُلِّ اسْمٍ فِيْ مَخْزُوْنِ الْغَيْبِ عِنْدَكَ وَ الْاَسْمَاۤءِ الْمَشْهُوْرَاتِ عِنْدَكَ الْمَكْتُوْبَةِ عَلٰى سُرَادِقِ عَرْشِكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَقْبَلَ مِنِّيْ شَهْرَ رَمَضَانَ وَ تَكْتُبَنِيْ مِنَ الْوَافِدِيْنَ اِلٰى بَيْتِكَ الْحَرَامِ وَ تَصْفَحَ لِيْ عَنِ الذُّنُوْبِ الْعِظَامِ وَ تَسْتَخْرِجَ لِيْ يَا رَبِّ كُنُوْزَكَ يَا رَحْمَانُ۔--\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nNinth: It is recommended to offer a prayer of fourteen units and to recite Surah al-Faatehah once, Ayah al-Kursi once, and Surah al-Tawheed three times at each unit. The reward of offering each unit of this prayer is as same as the reward of forty-year worship as well as the reward of each and every one who has observed fasting and offered prayers in this month.\r\n\r\nTenth: In Misbah al-Mutahajjid, Shaykh al-Tusi says: At the last hour of this night, you may bathe yourself and sit in your prayer-place until dawn (fajr).", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Sixth: It is recommended to repeat the following supplicatory prayer ten times. It has been already cited within the devotional acts at Friday nights:\r\n\r\nO He Who is ever-Favorer on the beings...\r\n\r\nSeventh: It is recommended to offer the ten unit prayer which has been mentioned within the devotional acts of the last night of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nEighth: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer reciting, in the first unit, Surah al-Faatehah once and repeating Surah al-Tawheed one thousand times and reciting, in the second unit, Surah al-Faatehah once and Surah al-Tawheed once only. After accomplishment, it is recommended to prostrate and say the following:\r\n\r\nI turn repentant unto Allah.\r\n\r\nAfter that, the following supplicatory prayer should be said:\r\n\r\nO Lord of favoring and magnanimity! O Lord of favoring and bounty! O He Who has selected Muhammad, peace of Allah be upon him and his Household, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and his Household.\r\n\r\nThen, one may pray for the granting of one’s personal needs.\r\n\r\nIt is reported that when Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen (a.s.) used to offer this prayer, he would say, “I swear by Him Who grasps my soul, Almighty Allah shall definitely respond to whoever offers this prayer and then prays Him for granting his needs, and Almighty Allah shall forgive him even if his sins would be as much as the pebbles in deserts.”\r\n\r\nAccording to another narration, Surah al-Tawheed is repeated one hundred times, not one thousand. Yet, this narration has mentioned that this prayer is offered after the Maghrib obligatory and supererogatory prayers.\r\n\r\nHaving mentioned this prayer, Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus recorded that the following supplicatory prayer should be said after the prayer:\r\n\r\nO Allah! O Allah! O Allah! O Beneficent! O Allah! O Merciful! O Allah! O Sovereign! O Allah! O Most Holy! O Allah! O Peace! O Allah! O Giver of security! O Allah! O All-prevailing! O Allah! O Almighty! O Allah! O Omnipotent! O Allah! O All-great! O Allah! O Creator! O Allah! O Inventor! O Allah! O Shaper! O Allah! O All-knowing! O Allah! O Great! O Allah! O Knowing! O Allah! O All-generous! O Allah! O Indulgent! O Allah! O Wise! O Allah! O Hearer! O Allah! O Seer! O Allah! O Near! O Allah! O Responder! O Allah! O All-magnanimous! O Allah! O Glorious! O Allah! O Rich and Powerful! O Allah! O Sincere! O Allah! O Lord-Master! O Allah! O Judge! O Allah! O Swift! O Allah! O Firm! O Allah! O Compassionate! O Allah! O Preserver! O Allah! O Mighty! O Allah! O Protector! O Allah! O Encompasser! O Allah! O Chief of the chiefs! O Allah! O Ever-Foremost! O Allah! O Eternally Last! O Allah! O Evident! O Allah! O Intrinsic Fundamental! O Allah! O Glorious! O Allah! O Victor! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Loving! O Allah! O Light! O Allah! O Raiser! O Allah! O Preventer! O Allah! O Defender! O Allah! O Introducer! O Allah! O Bountiful! O Allah! O Magnificent! O Allah! O Handsome! O Allah! O Witness! O Allah! O Present! O Allah! O Succorer! O Allah! O Beloved! O Allah! O Creator out of nothing! O Allah! O Purifier! O Allah! O Master! O Allah! O All-powerful! O Allah! O Possessor! O Allah! O Spreader! O Allah! O Vivifier! O Allah! O Exterminator! O Allah! O Causer! O Allah! O Inheritor! O Allah! O Bestower! O Allah! O Favorer! O Allah! O Benefactor! O Allah! O Truth! O Allah! O Distinct! O Allah! O Affable! O Allah! O Polite! O Allah! O Graceful! O Allah! O Originator! O Allah! O He Who brings back all things! O Allah! O He Who makes visible! O Allah! O Inventor! O Allah! O Guide! O Allah! O Able! O Allah! O Efficacious! O Allah! O High! O Allah! O Great! O Allah! O Tender! O Allah! O Kind! O Allah! O Owner of bounties! O Allah! O Allah! O Most High! O Allah! O Just! O Allah! O Owner of ascendancy! O Allah! O Truthful! O Allah! O Sincere! O Allah! O Requiter! O Allah! O He Who remains for ever! O Allah! O Vigilant! O Allah! O Owner of majesty! O Allah! O Owner of glory! O Allah! O Admirable! O Allah! O Adorable! O Allah! O Maker! O Allah! O Helper! O Allah! O Doer! O Allah! O Active! O Allah! O Subtle! O Allah! O Oft-forgiving! O Allah! O Very Thankful! O Allah! O Splendid! O Allah! O Omnipotent! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Allah! I beseech You to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, favor on me with Your pleasure, grant me amnesty through Your munificence, and expand Your lawful, good sustenance to me from whence I expect and from whence I do not, for I am Your servant, I have no one else other than You, and there is no one to whom I turn to other than You! O Most Merciful of the Merciful! Only that which Allah wills takes place. There is no power except in Allah, the High, the Great.\r\n\r\nOne may then prostrate oneself and say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah! O Allah! O Allah! O Lord-Nourisher! O Lord-Nourisher! O Lord-Nourisher! O He Who sends down blessing! To You only are all desires turned. I beseech You in the name of every name treasured in Your invisible collection, and in the name of Your celebrated names, inscribed on the hangings of Your Throne, to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, to accept my offerings made in the month of Ramadan, to record my name in the list of those who will journey to Your Sacred House, to overlook my grand sins, to demonstrate, O Lord, before me Your treasures, O All-beneficent!\r\n\r\nNinth: It is recommended to offer a prayer of fourteen units and to recite Surah al-Faatehah once, Ayah al-Kursi once, and Surah al-Tawheed three times at each unit. The reward of offering each unit of this prayer is as same as the reward of forty-year worship as well as the reward of each and every one who has observed fasting and offered prayers in this month.\r\n\r\nTenth: In Misbah al-Mutahajjid, Shaykh al-Tusi says: At the last hour of this night, you may bathe yourself and sit in your prayer-place until dawn."
}