{
    "content": "ZIYARAH OF ‘ABD AL-’AZIM\r\n\r\nScholars have not mentioned a form of ziyarah dedicated to ‘Abd al-’Azim al-Hasani; rather, Fakhr al-Muhaqqiqin (the pride of versed scholars), Jamal al-Din states in his book of al-Mazar that it is most appropriate to say the following form of ziyarah at the tomb of ‘Abd al-’Azim al-Hasani:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اٰدَمَ صِفْوَةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى نُوْحٍ نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰىۤ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ خَلِيْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُوْسٰى كَلِيْمِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى عِيْسٰى رُوْحِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَيْرَ خَلْقِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ خَاتَمَ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيَّ بْنَ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ وَصِيَّ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا فَاطِمَةُ سَيِّدَةَ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمَا يَا سِبْطَيِ الرَّحْمَةِ وَ سَيِّدَيْ شَبَابِ اَهْلِ الْجَنَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلِيَّ بْنَ الْحُسَيْنِ سَيِّدَ الْعَابِدِيْنَ وَ قُرَّةَ عَيْنِ النَّاظِرِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ بَاقِرَ الْعِلْمِ بَعْدَ النَّبِيِّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا جَعْفَرَ بْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلصَّادِقَ الْبَآرَّ الْاَمِيْنَ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُوْسَى بْنَ جَعْفَرٍ ۟اِلطَّاهِرَ الطُّهْرَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلِيَّ بْنَ مُوْسَى الرِّضَا الْمُرْتَضٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلتَّقِيَّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلِيَّ بْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلنَّقِيَّ النَّاصِحَ الْاَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَسَنَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْوَصِيِّ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى نُوْرِكَ وَ سِرَاجِكَ وَ وَلِيِّ وَلِيِّكَ وَ وَصِيِّ وَصِيِّكَ وَ حُجَّتِكَ عَلٰى خَلْقِكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا السَّيِّدُ الزَّكِيُّ وَ الطَّاهِرُ الصَّفِيُّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ السَّادَةِ الْاَطْهَارِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْمُصْطَفَيْنَ الْاَخْيَارِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى رَسُولِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَلٰى ذُرِّيَّةِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْعَبْدِ الصَّالِحِ الْمُطِيْعِ لِلّٰهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ لِاَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَبَا الْقَاسِمِ ابْنَ السِّبْطِ الْمُنْتَجَبِ الْمُجْتَبٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ بِزِيَارَتِهِ ثَوَابُ زِيَارَةِ سَيِّدِ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ يُرْتَجٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ عَرَّفَ اللّٰهُ بَيْنَنَا وَ بَيْنَكُمْ فِي الْجَنَّةِ وَ حَشَرَنَا فِيْ زُمْرَتِكُمْ وَ اَوْرَدَنَا حَوْضَ نَبِيِّكُمْ وَ سَقَانَا بِكَأْسِ جَدِّكُمْ مِنْ يَدِ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْكُمْ اَسْاَلُ اللّٰهَ اَنْ يُرِيَنَا فِيْكُمُ السُّرُوْرَ وَ الْفَرَجَ وَ اَنْ يَجْمَعَنَا وَ اِيَّاكُمْ فِيْ زُمْرَةِ جَدِّكُمْ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اَنْ لَا يَسْلُبَنَا مَعْرِفَتَكُمْ اِنَّهُ وَلِيٌّ قَدِيْرٌ، اَتَقَرَّبُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ بِحُبِّكُمْ وَ الْبَرَاۤءَةِ مِنْ اَعْدَاۤئِكُمْ وَ التَّسْلِيْمِ اِلَى اللّٰهِ رَاضِيًا بِهِ غَيْرَ مُنْكَرٍ وَ لَا مُسْتَكْبِرٍ وَ عَلٰى يَقِيْنِ مَا اَتٰى بِهِ مُحَمَّدٌ نَطْلُبُ بِذٰلِكَ وَجْهَكَ يَا سَيِّدِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ رِضَاكَ وَ الدَّارَ الْاٰخِرَةَ يَا سَيِّدِيْ وَ ابْنَ سَيِّدِيْ اِشْفَعْ لِيْ فِي الْجَنَّةِ فَاِنَّ لَكَ عِنْدَ اللّٰهِ شَأْنًا مِنَ الشَّأْنِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيۤ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تَخْتِمَ لِيْ بِالسَّعَادَةِ فَلَا تَسْلُبْ مِنِّيْ مَا اَنَا فِيْهِ وَ لَا حَوْلَ وَ لَا قُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللّٰهِ الْعَلِيِّ الْعَظِيْمِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اسْتَجِبْ لَنَا وَ تَقَبَّلْهُ بِكَرَمِكَ وَ عِزَّتِكَ وَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ وَ عَافِيَتِكَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ وَ سَلَّمَ تَسْلِيْمًا يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "ZIYARAH OF ‘ABD AL-’AZIM\r\n\r\nScholars have not mentioned a form of ziyarah dedicated to ‘Abd al’Azim alHasani; rather, Fakhr alMuhaqqiqin (the pride of versed scholars), Jamal alDin states in his book of alMazar that it is most appropriate to say the following form of ziyarah at the tomb of ‘Abd al’Azim alHasani:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon Adam the choice of Allah. Peace be upon Noah the prophet of Allah. Peace be upon Abraham the friend of Allah. Peace be upon Moses the spoken by Allah. Peace be upon Jesus the spirit of Allah. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s best creature. Peace be upon you, O elite of Allah. Peace be upon you, O Muhammad the son of 'Abdullah and the seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O Commander of the Faithful ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib and the successor of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O Fatimah the doyenne of the women of the worlds. Peace be upon both of you, O grandsons of the Mercy and two chiefs of the youth of Paradise. Peace be upon you, O 'AH the son of al-Husayn, the chief of the worshippers and the delight of the eye of all seers. Peace be upon you, O Muhammad the son of ‘Ali, the splitter of knowledge after the Prophet. Peace be upon you, O Ja'far the son of Muhammad, the veracious, dutiful, and honest. Peace be upon you, O Musa the son of Ja'far, the immaculate and ever-pure. Peace be upon you, O ‘Ali the son of Musa, the well-pleased and well-contented. Peace be upon you, O Muhammad the son of ‘Ali, the pious. Peace be upon you, O ‘Ali the son of Muhammad, the immaculate, sincere, and honest. Peace be upon you, O Hasan the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon the next successor. O Allah, send blessings upon Your light, Your lantern, the representative of Your representative, the successor of Your successor, and the argument of You against Your creatures. Peace be upon you, O bright chief and well-selected, immaculate one. Peace be upon you, O son of the immaculate chiefs. Peace be upon you, O son of the well-chosen, upright ones. Peace be upon Allah’s Messenger and upon the progeny of Allah’s Messenger. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon them. Peace be upon you, O righteous servant and obedient to Allah the Lord of the worlds, to His Messenger, and to the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O Abu’l-Qasim the son of the preferred and well-selected grandson. Peace be upon you, O he in the visiting of whose tomb, the reward of visiting the Master of the Martyrs is hoped. Peace be upon you. May Allah introduce us to you all in Paradise, include us with your group, allow us to approach the pond of Your Prophet, and serve us with water from the cup of your grandfather and from the hand of ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib. Allah’s blessings be upon you all. I beseech Allah to show us delight and relief through you, to join us with you in the group of your grandfather Muhammad, Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, and never to deprive us of our recognition of you. Verily, He is Guardian and All-powerful. I seek nearness to Allah through my love for you, repudiation of your enemies, and submission to Allah, accepting Him without denial or arrogance, being fully certain of what Muhammad has brought, and showing full satisfaction with it. We, through this, only seek Your Face, O my Master Allah, and Your satisfaction as well as the Next Abode. O my master and son of my master, (please) intercede for me to win Paradise, for you enjoy an outstanding status with Allah. O Allah, I do beseech You to seal my life with happiness; so, (please) do not deprive me of that which I enjoy. There is neither might nor power except with Allah the All-high and All-great. O Allah, (please) respond to us and accept this from us in the name of Your generosity, almightiness, mercy, and bestowal of wellbeing. May Allah bless Muhammad and his entire Household and pour down peace on them, O most merciful of all those who show mercy."
}