{
    "content": "SIXTH FORM OF ZIYARAH\r\n\r\n‘Ammar has reported Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) as saying that when you stop at the grave of Imam al-Husayn (‘a), you may say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَيِّدَ شَبَابِ اَهْلِ الْجَنَّةِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ رِضَاهُ مِنْ رِضَى الرَّحْمٰنِ وَ سَخَطُهُ مِنْ سَخَطِ الرَّحْمٰنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَمِيْنَ اللّٰهِ وَ حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ وَ بَابَ اللّٰهِ وَ الدَّلِيْلَ عَلَى اللّٰهِ وَ الدَّاعِيَ اِلَى اللّٰهِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ حَلَّلْتَ حَلَالَ اللّٰهِ وَ حَرَّمْتَ حَرَامَ اللّٰهِ وَ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ دَعَوْتَ اِلٰى سَبِيْلِ رَبِّكَ بِالْحِكْمَةِ وَ الْمَوْعِظَةِ الْحَسَنَةِ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ وَ مَنْ قُتِلَ مَعَكَ شُهَدَاۤءُ اَحْيَاۤءٌ عِنْدَ رَبِّكُمْ تُرْزَقُوْنَ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ قَاتِلَكَ فِيْ النَّارِ اَدِيْنُ اللّٰهَ بِالْبَرَاۤءَةِ مِمَّنْ قَتَلَكَ وَ مِمَّنْ قَاتَلَكَ وَ شَايَعَ عَلَيْكَ وَ مِمَّنْ جَمَعَ عَلَيْكَ وَ مِمَّنْ سَمِعَ صَوْتَكَ وَ لَمْ يُعِنْكَ يَا لَيْتَنِيْ كُنْتُ مَعَكُمْ فَاَفُوْزَ فَوْزًا عَظِيْمًا۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "SIXTH FORM OF ZIYARAH\r\n\r\n‘Ammar has reported Imam alSadiq (‘a) as saying that when you stop at the grave of Imam alHusayn (‘a), you may say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O son of the commander of the faithful. Peace be upon you, O Abu-\"Abdullah. Peace be upon you, O chief of the youth of Paradise. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. Peace be upon you, O he whose pleasure is part of the pleasure of the All-beneficent Lord and whose displeasure is part of the displeasure of the All-beneficent Lord. Peace be upon you, O trustee of Allah, Argument of Allah, door to Allah, guide to Allah, and caller to Allah. I bear witness that you deemed lawful all that which Allah has deemed lawful, deemed unlawful all that which Allah has deemed unlawful, performed the prayers, defrayed the poor-rate, enjoined the right, forbade the evil, and called to the way of your Lord with wisdom and excellent exhortation. I also bear witness that you, as well as those whom were slain with you, are martyrs, alive, and provided sustenance from your Lord. I also bear witness that your slayer shall be in Hellfire. Before Allah, I profess disavowal of those who slew you, who fought against you, who supported each other against you, who rallied against you, and who heard your call but refrained from helping you. Would that I were with you, then should I achieve a great success."
}