{
    "content": "As for the forms of ziyarah dedicated to Imam Musa al-Kazim (‘a), Sayyid Ibn Tawus, in his book of al-Mazar, has mentioned the following method and form:\r\n\r\nWhen you intend to visit Imam al-Kazim (‘a), you ought to bathe yourself before you come to the holy shrine with tranquility and solemnity. When you come, you may stop at the gate of the shrine and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَ اللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ عَلٰى هِدَايَتِهِ لِدِيْنِهِ وَ التَّوْفِيْقِ لِمَا دَعَا اِلَيْهِ مِنْ سَبِيْلِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّكَ اَكْرَمُ مَقْصُوْدٍ وَ اَكْرَمُ مَأْتِيٍّ وَ قَدْ اَتَيْتُكَ مُتَقَرِّبًا اِلَيْكَ بِابْنِ بِنْتِ نَبِيِّكَ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ وَ عَلٰى اٰبَاۤئِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ اَبْنَاۤئِهِ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ لَا تُخَيِّبْ سَعْيِيْ وَ لَا تَقْطَعْ رَجَاۤئِيْ وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ عِنْدَكَ وَجِيْهًا فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ وَ مِنَ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ۔--You may then enter the shrine by preceding your right foot (to the left), saying the following words:\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللّٰهِ وَ بِاللّٰهِ وَ فِيْ سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَلٰى مِلَّةِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اغْفِرْ لِيْ وَ لِوَالِدَيَّ وَ لِجَمِيْعِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْمُؤْمِنَاتِ۔--When you reach the gate of the dome, you may stop there and ask permission of entrance by saying the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا نَبِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا مُحَمَّدٍ ِ۟بْنَ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَاۤ اَبَا مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْحَسَنَ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ الْحُسَيْنَ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَاۤ اَبَا مُحَمَّدٍ عَلِيَّ بْنَ الْحُسَيْنِ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَاۤ اَبَا جَعْفَرٍ مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ جَعْفَرَ بْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْحَسَنِ مُوْسَى بْنَ جَعْفَرٍ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا جَعْفَرٍ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا مَوْلَايَ مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ۔--While entering, you may repeat the following statement four times:\r\n\r\n--اَللهُ اَكْبَرُ--You may then stop in front of the holy tomb, making the kiblah direction to be between your shoulders, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ وَلِيِّهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ حُجَّتِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ صَفِيِّهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَمِيْنَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ اَمِيْنِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نُوْرَ اللّٰهِ فِيْ ظُلُمَاتِ الْاَرْضِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اِمَامَ الْهُدٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلَمَ الدِّيْنِ وَ التُّقٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَازِنَ عِلْمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَازِنَ عِلْمِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نَاۤئِبَ الْاَوْصِيَاۤءِ السَّابِقِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَعْدِنَ الْوَحْيِ الْمُبِيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَاحِبَ الْعِلْمِ الْيَقِيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَيْبَةَ عِلْمِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْاِمَامُ الصَّالِحُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْاِمَامُ الزَّاهِدُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْاِمَامُ الْعَابِدُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْاِمَامُ السَّيِّدُ الرَّشِيْدُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْمَقْتُوْلُ الشَّهِيْدُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ وَصِيِّهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ مُوْسَى بْنَ جَعْفَرٍ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ بَلَّغْتَ عَنِ اللّٰهِ مَا حَمَّلَكَ وَ حَفِظْتَ مَا اسْتَوْدَعَكَ وَ حَلَّلْتَ حَلَالَ اللّٰهِ وَ حَرَّمْتَ حَرَامَ اللّٰهِ وَ اَقَمْتَ اَحْكَامَ اللّٰهِ وَ تَلَوْتَ كِتَابَ اللّٰهِ وَ صَبَرْتَ عَلَى الْاَذٰى فِيْ جَنْبِ اللّٰهِ وَ جَاهَدْتَ فِيْ اللّٰهِ حَقَّ جِهَادِهِ حَتّٰى اَتَاكَ الْيَقِيْنُ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ مَضَيْتَ عَلٰى مَا مَضٰى عَلَيْهِ اٰبَاۤؤُكَ الطَّاهِرُوْنَ وَ اَجْدَادُكَ الطَّيِّبُوْنَ الْاَوْصِيَاۤءُ الْهَادُوْنَ الْاَئِمَّةُ الْمَهْدِيُّوْنَ لَمْ تُؤْثِرْ عَمًى عَلٰى هُدًى وَ لَمْ تَمِلْ مِنْ حَقٍّ اِلٰى بَاطِلٍ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ نَصَحْتَ لِلّٰهِ وَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ لِاَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ اَنَّكَ اَدَّيْتَ الْاَمَانَةَ وَ اجْتَنَبْتَ الْخِيَانَةَ وَ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ عَبَدْتَ اللّٰهَ مُخْلِصًا مُجْتَهِدًا مُحْتَسِبًا حَتّٰىۤ اَتَاكَ الْيَقِيْنُ فَجَزَاكَ اللّٰهُ عَنِ الْاِسْلامِ، وَ اَهْلِهِ اَفْضَلَ الْجَزَاۤءِ وَ اَشْرَفَ الْجَزَاۤءِ اَتَيْتُكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ زَاۤئِرًا عَارِفًا بِحَقِّكَ مُقِرًّا بِفَضْلِكَ مُحْتَمِلًا لِعِلْمِكَ مُحْتَجِبًا بِذِمَّتِكَ عَاۤئِذًا بِقَبْرِكَ لَاۤئِذًا بِضَرِيًحِكَ مُسْتَشْفِعًا بِكَ اِلَى اللّٰهِ مُوَالِيًا لِاَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ مُعَادِيًا لِاَعْدَاۤئِكَ مُسْتَبْصِرًا بِشَأْنِكَ وَ بِالْهُدَى الَّذِيْ اَنْتَ عَلَيْهِ عَالِمًا بِضَلَالَةِ مَنْ خَالَفَكَ وَ بِالْعَمَى الَّذِيْ هُمْ عَلَيْهِ بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْ وَ نَفْسِيْ وَ اَهْلِيْ وَ مَالِيْ وَ وَلَدِيْ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَتَيْتُكَ مُتَقَرِّبًا بِزِيَارَتِكَ اِلَى اللّٰهِ تَعَالٰى وَ مُسْتَشْفِعًا بِكَ اِلَيْهِ فَاشْفَعْ لِيْ عِنْدَ رَبِّكَ لِيَغْفِرَ لِيْ ذُنُوْبِيْ وَ يَعْفُوَ عَنْ جُرْمِيْ وَ يَتَجَاوَزَ عَنْ سَيِّئَاتِيْ وَ يَمْحُوَ عَنِّيْ خَطِيۤئَاتِيْ وَ يُدْخِلَنِي الْجَنَّةَ وَ يَتَفَضَّلَ عَلَيَّ بِمَا هُوَ اَهْلُهُ وَ يَغْفِرَ لِيْ وَ لِاٰبَاۤئِيْ وَ لِاِخْوَانِيْ وَ اَخَوَاتِيْ وَ لِجَمِيْعِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْمُؤْمِنَاتِ فِيْ مَشَارِقِ الْاَرْضِ وَ مَغَارِبِهَا بِفَضْلِهِ وَ جُوْدِهِ وَ مَنِّهِ۔--You may then throw yourself on the grave, smear your two cheeks on it, and pray Almighty Allah for any thing you want.\r\n\r\nYou may then turn to the side of the Imam’s head and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَا مُوْسَى بْنَ جَعْفَرٍ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ الْاِمَامُ الْهَادِيْ وَ الْوَلِيُّ الْمُرْشِدُ وَ اَنَّكَ مَعْدِنُ التَّنْزِيْلِ وَ صَاحِبُ التَّأْوِيْلِ وَ حَامِلُ التَّوْرَاةِ وَ الْاِنْجِيْلِ وَ الْعَالِمُ الْعَادِلُ وَ الصَّادِقُ الْعَامِلُ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَنَا اَبْرَاُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ مِنْ اَعْدَاۤئِكَ وَ اَتَقَرَّبُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ بِمُوَالَاتِكَ فَصَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى اٰبَاۤئِكَ وَ اَجْدَادِكَ وَ اَبْنَاۤئِكَ وَ شِيْعَتِكَ وَ مُحِبِّيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then offer the two-unit prayer of ziyarah, reciting Surah Yasin (No. 36) –after Surah al-Fatihah in the first unit- and Surah al-Rahman (No. 55) –after Surah al-Fatihah in the second unit. You may also recite any Surah instead. Then, you may pray Almighty Allah for whatever you need.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "As for the forms of ziyarah dedicated to Imam Musa alKazim (‘a), Sayyid Ibn Tawus, in his book of alMazar, has mentioned the following method and form:\r\n\r\nWhen you intend to visit Imam alKazim (‘a), you ought to bathe yourself before you come to the holy shrine with tranquility and solemnity. When you come, you may stop at the gate of the shrine and say the following words:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. There is no god save Allah. And Allah is the Most Great. All praise be to Allah for guiding [me] to His religion and for leading [me] successfully to His Course to which He has invited (us). O Allah, You are verily the most Honorable Besought One and the most Honorable Purposed One. I thus have come to You, seeking nearness to You in the name of the son of Your Prophet’s daughter, Your blessings be upon him and upon his immaculate fathers and pure sons. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, never frustrate my efforts, never cut off my hope, make me illustrious in Your view in this world as well as the world to come, and make me of those brought near to You.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the shrine by preceding your right foot (to the left), saying the following words:\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah (I begin), in Allah (I trust), and on the way of Allah and on the norm of the Messenger of Allah (I proceed), may Allah bless him and his Household. O Allah, (please do) forgive me, my parents, and all the believing men and women.\r\n\r\nWhen you reach the gate of the dome, you may stop there and ask permission of entrance by saying the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah’s Messenger, may I enter? O Allah’ Prophet, may I enter? O Muhammad the son of 'Abdullah, may I enter? O Commander of the Faithful, may I enter? O Abü-Muhammad al-Hasan, may I enter? O Abu-'Abdullah al-Husayn, may I enter? O Abü-Muhammad 'Ali ibn al-Husayn, may I enter? O Abu-Ja'far Muhammad ibn 'Ali, may I enter? O Abu-'Abdullah Ja'far ibn Muhammad, may I enter? O my master Abu’l-Hasan Müsä ibn Ja'far, may I enter? O my master Abü-Ja'far, may I enter? O my master Muhammad ibn ‘Ali, may I enter?\r\n\r\nWhile entering, you may repeat the following statement four times:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great.\r\n\r\nYou may then stop in front of the holy tomb, making the kiblah direction to be between your shoulders, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Allah’s intimate servant and son of His intimate servant. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s argument and son of His argument. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s choice and son of His choice. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s trustee and son of His trustee. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s light in the darkness of the earth. Peace be upon you, O leader to the true guidance. Peace be upon you, O signpost of religiousness and piety. Peace be upon you, O hoarder of the knowledge of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O hoarder of the knowledge of the Messengers. Peace be upon you, O deputy of the preceding Successors (of the Prophets). Peace be upon you, O essence of the manifest Revelation. Peace be upon you, O holder of the certain knowledge. Peace be upon you, O case of the knowledge of the Messengers. Peace be upon you, O righteous leader. Peace be upon you, O ascetic leader. Peace be upon you, O oft-worshipping leader. Peace be upon you, O prudent leader and chief. Peace be upon you, O slain and martyred. Peace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger and son of his successor. Peace be upon you, O my master Musa son of Ja'far. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. I bear witness that you conveyed faithfully that which Allah ordered You to convey, safeguarded that which He entrusted with you, decided as lawful all that which Allah has deemed lawful, decided as unlawful all that which Allah has deemed unlawful, carried out the decrees of Allah, recited the Book of Allah, endured harm for the sake of Allah, and strove in the way of Allah as it ought to be striven until death came upon you. I also bear witness that you passed away carrying the same principles on which your immaculate fathers and pure forefathers the successors, guides, leaders, and rightly guided ones passed away. You never preferred blindness to true guidance and never slanted from right to wrong. I also bear witness that you acted sincerely to Allah, to His Messenger, and to the Commander of the Faithful, fulfilled the trust, avoided betrayal, performed the prayers, defrayed the poor-rate, enjoined the right, forbade the evil, and served Allah earnestly and painstakingly, expecting His reward, until death came upon you. So, may Allah reward you on behalf of Islam and its people with the best reward and the most honoring reward. I have come to you, O son of Allah’s Messenger, visiting you, recognizing your right, admitting your precedence, knowing about your knowledgeability, seeking shield with your inviolability, seeking protection with your grave, resorting to your tomb, seeking your intercession with Allah, declaring loyalty to your loyalists, incurring the animosity of your enemies, seeking insight of your standing and true guidance you are leading to, and having full acquaintance with the straying of those who dissent from you and the blindness they are following. Ransoms for you be my father, mother, myself, my family members, my property, and my sons. O son of Allah’s Messenger, I have come to you seeking nearness to Allah the All-exalted by visiting you and seeking your intercession for me with Him; So, (please)intercede for me with your Lord so that He may forgive my sins, pardon my offences, overlook my evildoings, erase my wrongdoings, allow me to enter Paradise, endue me with favors that suit His generosity, and forgive me, my forefathers, my brothers, my sister, and all believing men and women in the east and west of the earth, out of His favoring, magnanimity, and benevolence.\r\n\r\nYou may then throw yourself on the grave, smear your two cheeks on it, and pray Almighty Allah for any thing you want.\r\n\r\nYou may then turn to the side of the Imam’s head and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O my master Musa the son of Ja'far. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. I bear witness that you are verily the guiding leader and the guardian who leads to the right guidance, you are verily the core of the Revelation, the man of true interpretation, the bearer of the Torah and the Gospel, the knowledgeable, the decent, the veracious, and the one who puts his knowledge in practice. O my master, I repudiate your enemies in the presence of Allah and I seek nearness to Allah through loyalty to you. So, may Allah bless you, your fathers, your forefathers, your descendants, your partisans, and your devotees. May Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon them.\r\n\r\nYou may then offer the twounit prayer of ziyarah, reciting Surah Yasin (No. 36) –after Surah alFatihah in the first unit and Surah alRahman (No. 55) –after Surah alFatihah in the second unit. You may also recite any Surah instead. Then, you may pray Almighty Allah for whatever you need."
}