{
    "content": "ANOTHER FORM OF ZIYARAH OF IMAM AL-JAWAD\r\n\r\nIn his book of al-Mazar, Sayyid Ibn Tawus says:\r\n\r\nAfter you visit Imam Musa al-Kazim (‘a), you may stop at the tomb of Imam al-Jawad (‘a), kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا جَعْفَرٍ مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْبَرَّ التَّقِيَّ الْاِمَامَ الْوَفِيَّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الرَّضِيُّ الزَّكِيُّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نَجِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَفِيْرَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سِرَّ اللّٰهِ [سِتْرَ اللّٰهِ‏] اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ضِيَاۤءَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَنَاۤءَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا كَلِمَةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا رَحْمَةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا النُّوْرُ السَّاطِعُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْبَدْرُ الطَّالِعُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الطَّيِّبُ مِنَ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الطَّاهِرُ مِنَ الْمُطَهَّرِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْاٰيَةُ الْعُظْمٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْحُجَّةُ الْكُبْرٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْمُطَهَّرُ مِنَ الزَّلَّاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْمُنَزَّهُ عَنِ الْمُعْضِلَاتِ [الْمُعْظِلَاتِ‏] اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْعَلِيُّ عَنْ نَقْصِ الْاَوْصَافِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الرَّضِيُّ عِنْدَ الْاَشْرَافِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَمُوْدَ الدِّيْنِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ وَلِيُّ اللّٰهِ وَ حُجَّتُهُ فِيۤ اَرْضِهِ وَ اَنَّكَ جَنْبُ اللّٰهِ وَ خِيَرَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ مُسْتَوْدَعُ عِلْمِ اللّٰهِ وَ عِلْمِ الْاَنْبِيَاۤءِ وَ رُكْنُ الْاِيْمَانِ وَ تَرْجُمَانُ الْقُرْاٰنِ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ مَنِ اتَّبَعَكَ عَلَى الْحَقِّ وَ الْهُدٰى وَ اَنَّ مَنْ اَنْكَرَكَ وَ نَصَبَ لَكَ الْعَدَاوَةَ عَلَى الضَّلَالَةِ وَ الرَّدٰى اَبْرَاُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ وَ اِلَيْكَ مِنْهُمْ فِي الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ مَا بَقِيْتُ وَ بَقِيَ اللَّيْلُ وَ النَّهَارُ", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "ANOTHER FORM OF ZIYARAH OF IMAM AL-JAWAD\r\n\r\nIn his book of alMazar, Sayyid Ibn Tawus says:\r\n\r\nAfter you visit Imam Musa alKazim (‘a), you may stop at the tomb of Imam alJawad (‘a), kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Abü-Ja'far Muhammad the son of ‘Ali, the righteous, pious, and faithful leader. Peace be upon you, O pleased and pure. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s intimate servant. Peace be upon you, O confidentially talked by Allah. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s emissary. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s secret. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s brightness. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s brilliance. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s Word. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s mercy. Peace be upon you, O shining light. Peace be upon you, O rising full moon. Peace be upon you, O pure who is the descendant of the pure ones. Peace be upon you, O immaculate who is the descendant of the the immaculate ones. Peace be upon you, O greatest sign. Peace be upon you, O grandest argument. Peace be upon you, O purified from slips. Peace be upon you, O deemed above unforgivable failings. Peace be upon you, O raised high against imperfect traits. Peace be upon you, O pleased in the sight of the honorable ones. Peace be upon you, O pillar of the religion. I I bear witness that you are the intimate servant of Allah, the argument of Him in His lands, the side of Allah, the best in the view of Allah, the store of the knowledge of Allah and the knowledge of the Prophets, the cornerstone of faith, and the interpreter of the Qur'an. I also bear witness that whoever follows you has been on the right and true guidance but whoever denies you and incurs your animosity has been on deviation and perdition. I repudiate these in the presence of Allah and you in this world and in the Hereafter. Peace be upon you as long as I am existent and as long as there are day and night."
}