{
    "content": "When you stop at the tomb of Hani’ ibn ‘Urwah, you may greet the Holy Prophet (s) and then say the following:\r\n\r\n--سَلَامُ اللّٰهِ الْعَظِيْمِ وَ صَلَوَاتُهُ عَلَيْكَ يَا هَانِيَ بْنَ عُرْوَةَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْعَبْدُ الصَّالِحُ النَّاصِحُ لِلّٰهِ وَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ لِاَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قُتِلْتَ مَظْلُوْمًا فَلَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ قَتَلَكَ وَ اسْتَحَلَّ دَمَكَ وَ حَشَا قُبُوْرَهُمْ نَارًا اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ لَقِيْتَ اللّٰهَ وَ هُوَ رَاضٍ عَنْكَ بِمَا فَعَلْتَ وَ نَصَحْتَ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ بَلَغْتَ دَرَجَةَ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ وَ جُعِلَ رُوْحُكَ مَعَ اَرْوَاحِ السُّعَدَاۤءِ بِمَا نَصَحْتَ لِلّٰهِ وَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ مُجْتَهِدًا وَ بَذَلْتَ نَفْسَكَ فِي ذَاتِ اللّٰهِ وَ مَرْضَاتِهِ فَرَحِمَكَ اللّٰهُ وَ رَضِيَ عَنْكَ وَ حَشَرَكَ مَعَ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ جَمَعَنَا وَ اِيَّاكُمْ [اِيَّاكَ‏] مَعَهُمْ فِيْ دَارِ النَّعِيْمِ وَ سَلَامٌ عَلَيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then offer a two-unit prayer and present it as a gift to Hani’ ibn ‘Urwah. Then, you may pray Almighty Allah to grant you your requests. As for bidding farewell to him, you may say the same form of wada’ (bidding farewell) that is said to Muslim ibn ‘Aqil.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "When you stop at the tomb of Hani’ ibn ‘Urwah, you may greet the Holy Prophet (s) and then say the following:\r\n\r\nPeace of Allah the All-great and His blessings be upon you, Hani' the son of 'Urwah. Peace be upon you, O righteous servant (of Allah), who acted sincerely for the sake of Allah, His Messenger, the Commander of the Faithful, al-Hasan, and al-Husayn, peace be upon them. I bear witness that you were slain wrongly. So, may Allah curse those who slew you and dared to shed your blood and may He stuff their graves with fire. I bear witness that you met Allah while He is pleased with You for what you did and acted sincerely. And I bear witness that you have attained the rank of the martyrs, your soul has been included with the souls of the delighted ones for you painstakingly acted with sincerity for Allah and for His Messenger, and sacrificed yourself for the sake of Allah and for the sake of attaining His pleasure. So, may Allah have mercy upon you and be pleased with you, may He include you with the group of Muhammad and his Immaculate Household, and may He gather us with you and them in the Abode of Bliss. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then offer a twounit prayer and present it as a gift to Hani’ ibn ‘Urwah. Then, you may pray Almighty Allah to grant you your requests. As for bidding farewell to him, you may say the same form of wada’ (bidding farewell) that is said to Muslim ibn ‘Aqil."
}