{
    "content": "MASJID E SA'SA'AH\r\n\r\nNext to this mosque, there is the mosque of Sa’sa’ah ibn Sawhan, Zayd’s brother. Sa’sa’ah was also one of the intimate companions of Imam ‘Ali (‘a). He was one of the well-versed scholars of religious knowledge and one of the faithful believers. He was so eloquent that Imam ‘Ali (‘a) called him as al-khatib al-shahshah (the skillful orator) and praised him for his rhetoric and expressiveness. The Imam (‘a) also praised Sa’sa’ah for his asceticism and aid.\r\n\r\nHaving attended the funeral ceremony of Imam ‘Ali’s holy body at night from al-Kufah to al-Najaf, Sa’sa’ah was present; and when Imam ‘Ali’s body was buried, Sa’sa’ah stopped at the tomb, took a handful of its dust, dispersed it on his head, and said, “May Allah accept my father and mother as ransoms for you, O Commander of the Believers! Congratulations, Abu’l-Hasan! Your birth was uniquely excellent, your steadfastness was typically firm, and your striving was outstandingly great. You have thus attained that for which you hoped, your trade has been successful, and you have joined your Lord etc.”\r\n\r\nSa’sa’ah went on in the same style and he then wept so heavily that all those who were present could not resist weeping. Hence, Sa’sa’ah held and orated in a consolation ceremony at midnight in the presence of Imam al-Hasan, Imam al-Husayn, Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah, al-’Abbas, and the other sons and cousins of Imam ‘Ali - peace be upon them all. When Sa’sa’ah finished his oration, the attendants turned to Imam al-Hasan and Imam al-Husayn to console them for their father’s martyrdom. They then returned to al-Kufah.\r\n\r\nIn conclusion, Sa’sa’ah Mosque is also one of the holy places in the city of al-Kufah. A group of our scholars have seen Imam al-Mahdi (‘a) offering a two-unit prayer there during the month of Rajab. He then said the supplicatory prayer that begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ يَا ذَالْمِنَنِ السَّابِغَةِ وَ الْاٰلَاۤءِ الْوَازِعَةِ۔۔۔--This supplicatory prayer has been previously mentioned within the acts that are advisably done each day in the month of Rajab (i.e. General Acts in Rajab). It is the fourth in the order of these acts (pp. 520 of Vol. 1).\r\n\r\nAlthough it may be understood that this supplicatory prayer is within the acts that are done at Sa’sa’ah Mosque, because Imam al-Mahdi (‘a) said it there, this act (i.e. the two-unit prayer and the supplicatory prayer) is dedicated to the general acts of the month of Rajab, as is confirmed in the books of our scholars. Therefore, I have mentioned it within the acts of the month of Rajab.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": ""
}