{
    "content": "As is mentioned in the book of Misbah al-Za’ir and other books, the recommended devotional acts at Masjid al-Kufah are as follows:\r\n\r\nYou may begin with the following words when you enter the city of al-Kufah:\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللّٰهِ وَ بِاللّٰهِ وَ فِيْ سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَلٰى مِلَّةِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْزِلْنِيْ مُنْزَلًا مُبَارَكًا وَ اَنْتَ خَيْرُ الْمُنْزِلِيْنَ۔--You may then walk toward the mosque, repeating the following statements:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ وَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ وَ سُبْحَانَ اللّٰهِ--When you reach the gate of the mosque, you may stop there and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى سَيِّدِنَا رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ وَ عَلٰى مَجَالِسِهِ وَ مَشَاهِدِهِ وَ مَقَامِ حِكْمَتِهِ وَ اٰثَارِ اٰبَاۤئِهِ اٰدَمَ وَ نُوْحٍ وَ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ وَ اِسْمَاعِيْلَ وَ تِبْيَانِ [بُنْيَانِ‏] بَيِّنَاتِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاِمَامِ الْحَكِيْمِ الْعَدْلِ الصِّدِّيْقِ الْاَكْبَرِ الْفَارُوْقِ بِالْقِسْطِ الَّذِيْ فَرَّقَ اللّٰهُ بِهِ بَيْنَ الْحَقِّ وَ الْبَاطِلِ وَ الْكُفْرِ وَ الْاِيمَانِ وَ الشِّرْكِ وَ التَّوْحِيْدِ لِيَهْلِكَ مَنْ هَلَكَ عَنْ بَيِّنَةٍ وَ يَحْيَا مَنْ حَيَّ عَنْ بَيِّنَةٍ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ اَمِيْرُ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ خَآصَّةُ نَفْسِ الْمُنْتَجَبِيْنَ وَ زَيْنُ الصِّدِّيْقِيْنَ وَ صَابِرُ الْمُمْتَحَنِيْنَ وَ اَنَّكَ حَكَمُ اللّٰهِ فِيۤ اَرْضِهِ وَ قَاضِيۤ اَمْرِهِ وَ بَابُ حِكْمَتِهِ، وَ عَاقِدُ عَهْدِهِ وَ النَّاطِقُ بِوَعْدِهِ وَ الْحَبْلُ الْمَوْصُوْلُ بَيْنَهُ وَ بَيْنَ عِبَادِهِ وَ كَهْفُ النَّجَاةِ وَ مِنْهَاجُ التُّقٰى وَ الدَّرَجَةُ الْعُلْيَا وَ مُهَيْمِنُ الْقَاضِي الْاَعْلٰى يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ بِكَ اَتَقَرَّبُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ زُلْفَى اَنْتَ وَلِيِّيْ وَ سَيِّدِيْ وَ وَسِيْلَتِيْ فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ،--You may then enter the mosque.\r\n\r\nIt is however more favorable to enter the mosque from the gate situated at the backside. This gate is known as bab al-fil (The Elephant Gate). You may then say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ هٰذَا مَقَامُ الْعَاۤئِذِ بِاللّٰهِ وَ بِمُحَمَّدٍ حَبِيْبِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ بِوِلَايَةِ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْمَهْدِيِّيْنَ الصَّادِقِيْنَ النَّاطِقِيْنَ الرَّاشِدِيْنَ الَّذِيْنَ اَذْهَبَ اللّٰهُ عَنْهُمُ الرِّجْسَ وَ طَهَّرَهُمْ تَطْهِيْرًا رَضِيْتُ بِهِمْ اَئِمَّةً وَ هُدَاةً وَ مَوَالِيَّ سَلَّمْتُ لِاَمْرِ اللّٰهِ لَاۤ اُشْرِكُ بِهِ شَيْئًا وَ لَاۤ اَتَّخِذُ مَعَ اللّٰهِ وَلِيًّا كَذَبَ الْعَادِلُوْنَ بِاللّٰهِ وَ ضَلُّوْا ضَلَالًا بَعِيْدًا حَسْبِيَ اللّٰهُ وَ اَوْلِيَاۤءُ اللّٰهِ اَشْهَدُ اَنْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ مُحَمَّدًا عَبْدُهُ وَ رَسُوْلُهُ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اَنَّ عَلِيًّا وَ الْاَئِمَّةَ الْمَهْدِيِّيْنَ مِنْ ذُرِّيَّتِهِ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ اَوْلِيَاۤئِيْ وَ حُجَّةُ اللّٰهِ عَلٰى خَلْقِهِ۔--You may then walk to the fourth column of the mosque, which is situated next to bab al-anmat and opposite to the fifth column. This column is also called istiwanat ibrahim (the column of Prophet Abraham). You may then offer a four-unit prayer. In the first two units, you may recite Surah al-Fatihah and Surah al-Tawhid. In the other two units, you may recite Surah al-Fatihah and Surah al-Qadr (No. 97). When you finish, you may say tasbih al-zahra’ litany and then say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى عِبَادِ اللّٰهِ الصَّالِحِيْنَ الرَّاشِدِيْنَ الَّذِيْنَ اَذْهَبَ اللّٰهُ عَنْهُمُ الرِّجْسَ وَ طَهَّرَهُمْ تَطْهِيْرًا وَ جَعَلَهُمْ اَنْبِيَاۤءَ مُرْسَلِيْنَ وَ حُجَّةً عَلَى الْخَلْقِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ وَ سَلَامٌ عَلَى الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ ذٰلِكَ تَقْدِيْرُ الْعَزِيْزِ الْعَلِيْمِ۔--You may then repeat the following statement seven times:\r\n\r\n--سَلَامٌ عَلٰى نُوْحٍ فِي الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔--You may then say the following words:\r\n\r\n--نَحْنُ عَلٰى وَصِيَّتِكَ يَا وَلِيَّ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ الَّتِيْ اَوْصَيْتَ بِهَا ذُرِّيَّتَكَ مِنَ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ وَ الصِّدِّيْقِيْنَ [وَ الصَّادِقِيْنَ‏] وَ نَحْنُ مِنْ شِيْعَتِكَ وَ شِيْعَةِ نَبِيِّنَا مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ وَ الْاَنْبِيَاۤءِ وَ الصَّادِقِيْنَ [الصِّدِّيْقِيْنَ‏] وَ نَحْنُ عَلٰى مِلَّةِ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ وَ دِيْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ النَّبِيِّ الْاُمِّيِّ وَ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْمَهْدِيِّيْنَ وَ وِلَايَةِ مَوْلَانَا عَلِيٍّ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْبَشِيْرِ النَّذِيْرِ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْهِ وَ رَحْمَتُهُ وَ رِضْوَانُهُ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ وَ عَلٰى وَصِيِّهِ وَ خَلِيْفَتِهِ الشَّاهِدِ لِلّٰهِ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ عَلٰى خَلْقِهِ عَلِيٍّ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ الصِّدِّيْقِ الْاَكْبَرِ وَ الْفَارُوْقِ الْمُبِيْنِ الَّذِيْ اَخَذْتَ بَيْعَتَهُ [اُخِذَتْ بَيْعَتُهُ‏]--عَلَى الْعَالَمِيْنَ رَضِيْتُ بِهِمْ اَوْلِيَاۤءَ وَ مَوَالِيَّ وَ حُكَّامًا فِيْ نَفْسِيْ وَ وُلْدِيْ [وَلَدِيْ‏] وَ اَهْلِيْ وَ مَالِيْ وَ قِسْمِيْ وَ حِلِّيْ وَ اِحْرَامِيْ وَ اِسْلَامِيْ وَ دِيْنِيْ، وَ دُنْيَايَ وَ اٰخِرَتِيْ وَ مَحْيَايَ وَ مَمَاتِيْ اَنْتُمُ الْاَئِمَّةُ فِي الْكِتَابِ وَ فَصْلُ الْمَقَامِ وَ فَصْلُ الْخِطَابِ وَ اَعْيُنُ الْحَيِّ الَّذِيْ لَا يَنَامُ وَ اَنْتُمْ حُكَمَاۤءُ اللّٰهِ وَ بِكُمْ حَكَمَ اللّٰهُ وَ بِكُمْ عُرِفَ حَقُّ اللّٰهِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ مُحَمَّدٌ رَسُوْلُ اللّٰهِ اَنْتُمْ نُوْرُ اللّٰهِ مِنْ بَيْنِ اَيْدِيْنَا وَ مِنْ خَلْفِنَا اَنْتُمْ سُنَّةُ اللّٰهِ الَّتِيْ بِهَا سَبَقَ الْقَضَاۤءُ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَنَا لَكُمْ مُسَلِّمٌ تَسْلِيْمًا لَا اُشْرِكُ بِاللّٰهِ شَيْئًا وَ لَا اَتَّخِذُ مِنْ دُوْنِهِ وَلِيًّا اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ هَدَانِيْ بِكُمْ وَ مَا كُنْتُ لِاَهْتَدِيَ لَوْ لَا اَنْ هَدَانِيَ اللّٰهُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ عَلٰى مَا هَدَانَا", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "As is mentioned in the book of Misbah alZa’ir and other books, the recommended devotional acts at Masjid alKufah are as follows:\r\n\r\nYou may begin with the following words when you enter the city of alKufah:\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah (I begin), in Allah (I trust), on the way of Allah (I proceed), and the course of Allah’s Messenger, peace be upon him and his Household, (I follow). O Allah, (please do) enable me to reside blessedly and You are the best of those who enable to reside.\r\n\r\nYou may then walk toward the mosque, repeating the following statements:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great. There is no god but Allah. All praise be to Allah. All glory be to Allah.\r\n\r\nWhen you reach the gate of the mosque, you may stop there and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon our master the Messenger of Allah, Muhammad son of 'Abdullah, and upon his immaculate progeny. Peace be upon the Commander of the Faithful, ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him, upon his sessions, upon his meeting-places, upon the places that witnessed his wisdom, upon the traces of his forefathers: Adam, Noah, Abraham, and Ishmael, and upon the places that witnessed the presentations of his evidences. Peace be upon the Imam: the wise, the just, the grandest veracious, and the fair distinguisher by whom Allah distinguished the right from the wrong, atheism from (true) belief, and polytheism from monotheism, so that he who would perish might perish by clear proof and he who would live might live by clear proof. I bear witness that you are verily the commander of the faithful, the elite of the selves of the select ones, the adornment of the veracious ones, and the most steadfast among the tried ones; and that you are verily the judge of Allah on His lands, the decider according to His orders, the door to His wisdom, the maker of His pledge, the spokesman of His promise, the rope that is connected between His servants and Him, the haven of redemption, the course of piety, the most elevated rank, and the executor of the laws of the Most Exalted Judge. O Commander of the Faithful, through you do I seek close nearness to Allah for you are my chief, master, and means (to Allah) in this world as well as the Hereafter.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the mosque.\r\n\r\nIt is however more favorable to enter the mosque from the gate situated at the backside. This gate is known as bab alfil (The Elephant Gate). You may then say the following words:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. This is the situation of him who seeks refuge with Allah, with Muhammad the most beloved by Allah, may Allah’s peace be upon him and his Household, with the (Divinely commissioned) leadership of the Commander of the Faithful, and with the Imams; the well-guided, the veracious, the spokesmen (of Allah), the orthodox, from whom Allah removed filth and He purified them with thorough purification. I accept them as leaders, guides, and masters. I succumb to the acts of Allah. I associate none with Him and I do not betake any master other than Allah. Truly liars are those who set up equals with Allah as they have certainly strayed off in remote error. Sufficient for me are Allah and the saints of Allah. I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, alone without having any partner. And I bear witness that Muhammad is His servant and Messenger, may Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, and that ‘Ali and the well-guided Imams from his progeny, peace be upon them all, are my masters and the arguments of Allah against His created beings.\r\n\r\nYou may then walk to the fourth column of the mosque, which is situated next to bab alanmat and opposite to the fifth column. This column is also called istiwanat ibrahim (the column of Prophet Abraham). You may then offer a fourunit prayer. In the first two units, you may recite Surah alFatihah and Surah alTawhid. In the other two units, you may recite Surah alFatihah and Surah alQadr (No. 97). When you finish, you may say tasbih alzahra’ litany and then say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon the righteous, orthodox servants of Allah from whom Allah has removed filth and purified them a thorough purification. He also made them Prophets and Messengers and set them as arguments against all the created beings. Peace be upon the Messengers and all praise be to Allah the Lord of the worlds. This is the arrangement of the Mighty, Knowing Lord.\r\n\r\nYou may then repeat the following statement seven times:\r\n\r\nPeace and salutation to Noah among the nations.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following words:\r\n\r\nO master of the believers, we are abiding by your precept that you provided to your offspring: the Messengers and the veracious ones. And we are among your adherents and among the adherents of our Prophet Muhammad, peace of Allah be upon him and his Household and upon you as well as all the Messengers, Prophets, and veracious ones. And we are also following the doctrine of Abraham, the religion of Muhammad the Meccan Prophet, and the religion of the well-guided Imams, and we are loyal to the (Divinely commissioned) leadership of ‘Ali, the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon the bearer of glad tidings (for the believers) and the warner (against Allah’s chastisement). May Allah’s peace, mercy, pleasure, and blessings be upon him, and upon his successor and vicegerent: the witness on Allah’s creatures after him (the Prophet), ‘Ali, the Commander of the Faithful, the grandest veracious, and the clear distinguisher (between the right and the wrong), whom You have ordered the peoples to swear allegiance to him. I thus accept them as masters, leaders, and rulers, over myself, my progeny, my family members, my property, whatever sustenance You decide for me, whatever is legal or illegal for me to do, my being Muslim, my religion, my worldly life, my Next Life, my being kept alive, and my death. You (the Infallible Imams) are indeed the Imams whom are mentioned in the (Holy) Book and you are the clear leaders in all situations, the clear judges, the eyes of the Ever-living Lord Who never sleeps, and the judging representatives of Allah. Through you has Allah judged and though you was the right of Allah recognized. There is no god but Allah. Muhammad is the messenger of Allah. You are the Light of Allah that lies before and behind us. You are the instructions of Allah that He has decided before all things. O Commander of the Faithful, I submit to you with thorough submission, I never associate with Allah anything [or anyone], and I never betake a master other than Him. All praise be to Allah Who has guided me to this, and I should never have been guided if Allah had not guided me. Allah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. All praise be to Allah for that to which He has guided us."
}