{
    "content": "At the center of Masjid al-Kufah, you may offer a two-unit prayer, reciting in the first unit Surah al-Fatihah and Surah al-Tawhid, and in the second unit Surah al-Fatihah and Surah al-Kafirun (No. 109). After you finish the prayer and say the Tasbih statements, you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ السَّلَامُ وَ مِنْكَ السَّلَامُ وَ اِلَيْكَ يَعُوْدُ السَّلَامُ وَ دَارُكَ دَارُ السَّلَامِ حَيِّنَا رَبَّنَا مِنْكَ بِالسَّلَامِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ صَلَّيْتُ هٰذِهِ الصَّلَاةَ ابْتِغَاۤءَ رَحْمَتِكَ وَ رِضْوَانِكَ وَ مَغْفِرَتِكَ وَ تَعْظِيْمًا لِمَسْجِدِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ ارْفَعْهَا فِيْ عِلِّيِّيْنَ وَ تَقَبَّلْهَا مِنِّيْ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--It is worth mentioning that the center of Masjid al-Kufah is also called dakkat al-mi’raj (Seat of the Ascension to the Heavens). Apparently, when the Holy Prophet (s), at the night of his Ascension, asked permission from Almighty Allah to visit this mosque, he offered his prayer at this place. Previously, I have mentioned the narration involving this incident.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "At the center of Masjid alKufah, you may offer a twounit prayer, reciting in the first unit Surah alFatihah and Surah alTawhid, and in the second unit Surah alFatihah and Surah alKafirun (No. 109). After you finish the prayer and say the Tasbih statements, you may say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, You are the Peace. You are the source of peace. To You does peace belong. Your abode is the abode of peace. So, our Lord, greet us with peace from You. O Allah, I have offered this prayer, seeking Your mercy, pleasure, forgiveness, and as sign of my esteeming Your mosque. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, raise my prayer to the most elevated place, and accept it from me, O most merciful of all those who show mercy.\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that the center of Masjid alKufah is also called dakkat almi’raj (Seat of the Ascension to the Heavens). Apparently, when the Holy Prophet (s), at the night of his Ascension, asked permission from Almighty Allah to visit this mosque, he offered his prayer at this place. Previously, I have mentioned the narration involving this incident."
}