{
    "content": "Second: It is recommended to visit the tomb of Hudhayfah ibn al-Yaman.\r\n\r\nOne of the major companions of the Holy Prophet (s) and elite friends of Imam ‘Ali (‘a), Hudhayfah ibn al-Yaman was characterized by his capability to recognize the hypocrites by names. The second Caliph would not perform the Deceased Prayer for any dead body unless Hudhayfah would be present there. For many years, Hudhayfah had been appointed as the governor of al-Mada’in, but the second Caliph deposed him and appointed Salman for that office. However, when the second Caliph passed away, Hudhayfah regained his past position as governor of al-Mada’in and continued in that office until Imam ‘Ali (‘a) regained his position as the leader (caliph) of Muslims. The Imam (‘a) wrote an official epistle to Hudhayfah and the people of al-Mada’in informing them of his having been chosen as the caliph and, through a governmental decree, appointing Hudhayfah as the governor of al-Mada’in. However, Hudhayfah had passed away and been buried in that city before Imam ‘Ali (‘a) could arrive in al-Kufah with his army after he had left al-Madinah towards al-Basrah to repel the evil of the people of the Camel.\r\n\r\nAbu-Hamzah al-Thumali has reported the following:\r\n\r\nAt the last hours of his lifetime, Hudhayfah ibn al-Yaman summoned his son and transmitted his will to him, saying, “O son, show despair of what people have in possession, for richness lies in this. Beware of asking your needs from people, for this is the whole poverty. On this day, try to be better than what you were on yesterday. When you perform a prayer, try to perform it in a mood of one who is bidding farewell to this world and will not have a chance to return to it. Beware of doing things that make you apologize.”\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that the Major Mosque of al-Mada’in is situated near the tomb of Salman. This mosque is ascribed to Imam al-Hasan al-’Askari (‘a) although none has known the reason. Perhaps, the Imam (‘a) ordered of constructing this mosque or offered a prayer therein.\r\n\r\nSo, do not deprive yourself of the merit of offering a two-unit prayer in this mosque.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": ""
}