{
    "content": "Shaykh al-Mufid, al-Shahid, Sayyid Ibn Tawus, and others have mentioned the following form of Ziyarah:\r\n\r\nAs you are determined to visit the tomb of Imam ‘Ali (‘a), you should bathe yourself, put on two clean pieces of dress, and use a perfume, even though it is acceptable without it. While you are about to leave your house, you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي خَرَجْتُ [تَوَجَّهْتُ‏] مِنْ مَنْزِلِيْ اَبْغِيْ فَضْلَكَ وَ اَزُوْرُ وَصِيَّ نَبِيِّكَ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِمَا اَللّٰهُمَّ فَيَسِّرْ ذٰلِكَ لِيْ وَ سَبِّبِ الْمَزَارَ لَهُ وَ اخْلُفْنِيْ فِي عَاقِبَتِيْ وَ حُزَانَتِيْ بِاَحْسَنِ الْخِلَافَةِ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may then proceed, extolling Almighty Allah with the following doxology (zikr):\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ و سُبْحَانَ اللهِ وَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ--Once you reach the trench of al-Kufah, you may stop there and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَهْلُ [اَهْلَ‏] الْكِبْرِيَاۤءِ وَ الْمَجْدِ وَ الْعَظَمَةِ اللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَهْلُ [اَهْلَ‏] التَّكْبِيْرِ وَ التَّقْدِيْسِ وَ التَّسْبِيحِ وَ الْاٰلَاۤءِ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ مِمَّا اَخَافُ وَ اَحْذَرُ اللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ عِمَادِيْ وَ عَلَيْهِ اَتَوَكَّلُ اللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ رَجَاۤئِي وَ اِلَيْهِ اُنِيْبُ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ وَلِيُّ نِعْمَتِيْ وَ الْقَادِرُ عَلٰى طَلِبَتِيْ تَعْلَمُ حَاجَتِيْ وَ مَا تُضْمِرُهُ هَوَاجِسُ الصُّدُوْرِ وَ خَوَاطِرُ النُّفُوْسِ فَاَسْاَلُكَ بِمُحَمَّدٍ الْمُصْطَفَى الَّذِيْ قَطَعْتَ بِهِ حُجَجَ الْمُحْتَجِّيْنَ وَ عُذْرَ الْمُعْتَذِرِيْنَ وَ جَعَلْتَهُ رَحْمَةً لِلْعَالَمِيْنَ اَنْ لَا تَحْرِمَنِيْ ثَوَابَ زِيَارَةِ وَلِيِّكَ وَ اَخِيْ نَبِيِّكَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ قَصْدَهُ وَ تَجْعَلَنِيْ مِنْ وَفْدِهِ الصَّالِحِيْنَ وَ شِيْعَتِهِ الْمُتَّقِيْنَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--Once your eyes fall on the holy dome, say these words:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ عَلٰى مَا اخْتَصَّنِيْ بِهِ مِنْ طِيْبِ الْمَوْلِدِ وَ اسْتَخْلَصَنِيْ اِكْرَامًا بِهِ مِنْ مُوَالَاةِ الْاَبْرَارِ السَّفَرَةِ الْاَطْهَارِ وَ الْخِيَرَةِ الْاَعْلَامِ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَتَقَبَّلْ سَعْيِيْ اِلَيْكَ وَ تَضَرُّعِيْ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ وَ اغْفِرْ لِيَ الذُّنُوْبَ الَّتِيْ لَا تَخْفٰى عَلَيْكَ اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ اللّٰهُ الْمَلِكُ الْغَفَّارُ۔--\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nAs soon as the sight of the za’ir, especially the learnt and righteous, falls on the luminous dome of Imam ‘Ali’s holy shrine, he/she feels active and delightful; and love and loyalty begins arousing in his heart, making he/her try to turn to the Imam (‘a) with full heart and to praise and commend him in all languages and styles, and to find suitable poetic verses through which he/she can express his/her actual feelings. I therefore deem suitable to cite the following poetic verses excerpted from the famous poem of al-Azri, hoping that the gentle za’ir, being at this situation, will convey my greetings to the owner of that dome and will not exclude from those for whom he prays:\r\n\r\n--اَيُّهَا الرَّاكِبُ الْمُجِدُّ رُوَيْدًا بِقُلُوْبٍ تَقَلَّبَتْ فِي جَوَاهَا اِنْ تَرَاۤءَتْ اَرْضُ الْغَرِيَّيْنِ فَاخْضَعْ وَ اخْلَعِ النَّعْلَ دُوْنَ وَادِيْ طُوَاهَا وَ اِذَا شِمْتَ قُبَّةَ الْعَالَمِ الْاَعْلٰى وَ اَنْوَارُ رَبِّهَا تَغْشَاهَا فَتَوَاضَعْ فَثَمَّ دَارَةُ قُدْسٍ تَتَمَنَّى الْاَفْلَاكُ لَثْمَ ثَرَاهَا قُلْ لَهُ وَ الدُّمُوْعُ سَفْحُ عَقِيْقٍ وَ الْحَشَا تَصْطَلِيْ بِنَارِ غَضَاهَا يَا بْنَ عَمِّ النَّبِيِّ اَنْتَ يَدُ اللّٰهِ الَّتِيْ عَمَّ كُلَّ شَيْ‏ءٍ نَدَاهَا اَنْتَ قُرْاٰنُهُ الْقَدِيْمُ وَ اَوْصَا فُكَ اٰيَاتُهُ الَّتِيْ اَوْحَاهَا خَصَّكَ اللّٰهُ فِي مَاثِرَ شَتّٰى هِيَ مِثْلُ الْاَعْدَادِ لَا تَتَنَاهٰى لَيْتَ عَيْنًا بِغَيْرِ رَوْضِكَ تَرْعٰى قَذِيَتْ وَ اسْتَمَرَّ فِيْهَا قَذَاهَا اَنْتَ بَعْدَ النَّبِيِّ خَيْرُ الْبَرَايَا وَ السَّمَا خَيْرُ مَا بِهَا قَمَرَاهَا لَكَ ذَاتٌ كَذَاتِهِ حَيْثُ لَوْ لَا اَنَّهَا مِثْلُهَا لَمَا اٰخَاهَا قَدْ تَرَاضَعْتُمَا بِثَدْيِ وِصَالٍ كَانَ مِنْ جَوْهَرِ التَّجَلِّيْ غِذَاهَا يَا اَخَا الْمُصْطَفٰى لَدَيَّ ذُنُوْبٌ هِيَ عَيْنُ الْقَذَا وَ اَنْتَ جَلَاهَا لَكَ فِي مُرْتَقَى الْعُلٰى وَ الْمَعَالِيْ دَرَجَاتٌ لَا يُرْتَقٰى اَدْنَاهَا لَكَ نَفْسٌ مِنْ مَعْدِنِ اللُّطْفِ صِيْغَتْ جَعَلَ اللّٰهُ كُلَّ نَفْسٍ فِدَاهَا--When you reach at the fortress of Najaf (hisn al-najaf), you may say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ هَدَانَا لِهَذَا وَ مَا كُنَّا لِنَهْتَدِيَ لَوْ لَا اَنْ هَدَانَا اللّٰهُ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ سَيَّرَنِيْ فِيْ بِلَادِهِ وَ حَمَلَنِيْ عَلٰى دَوَآبِّهِ وَ طَوٰى لِيَ الْبَعِيْدَ وَ صَرَفَ عَنِّي الْمَحْذُوْرَ وَ دَفَعَ عَنِّي الْمَكْرُوْهَ حَتّٰى اَقْدَمَنِيْ حَرَمَ اَخِيْ رَسُوْلِهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ--You may then enter the city, saying:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ اَدْخَلَنِيْ هٰذِهِ الْبُقْعَةَ الْمُبَارَكَةَ الَّتِيْ بَارَكَ اللّٰهُ فِيْهَا وَ اخْتَارَهَا لِوَصِيِّ نَبِيِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَاجْعَلْهَا شَاهِدَةً لِيْ--When you reach at the first doorstep, you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ بِبَابِكَ وَقَفْتُ وَ بِفِنَاۤئِكَ نَزَلْتُ وَ بِحَبْلِكَ اعْتَصَمْتُ وَ لِرَحْمَتِكَ تَعَرَّضْتُ وَ بِوَلِيِّكَ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ تَوَسَّلْتُ فَاجْعَلْهَا زِيَارَةً مَقْبُوْلَةً وَ دُعَاۤءً مُسْتَجَابًا--You may then stop at the gate of the courtyard, saying the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّ هٰذَا الْحَرَمَ حَرَمُكَ وَ الْمَقَامَ مَقَامُكَ وَ اَنَا اَدْخُلُ اِلَيْهِ اُنَاجِيْكَ بِمَا اَنْتَ اَعْلَمُ بِهِ مِنِّيْ وَ مِنْ سِرِّيْ وَ نَجْوَايَ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الْحَنَّانِ الْمَنَّانِ الْمُتَطَوِّلِ الَّذِيْ مِنْ تَطَوُّلِهِ سَهَّلَ لِيْ زِيَارَةَ مَوْلَايَ بِاِحْسَانِهِ وَ لَمْ يَجْعَلْنِيْ عَنْ زِيَارَتِهِ مَمْنُوْعًا وَ لَا عَنْ وِلَايَتِهِ مَدْفُوْعًا بَلْ تَطَوَّلَ وَ مَنَحَ اَللّٰهُمَّ كَمَا مَنَنْتَ عَلَيَّ بِمَعْرِفَتِهِ فَاجْعَلْنِيْ مِنْ شِيْعَتِهِ وَ اَدْخِلْنِي الْجَنَّةَ بِشَفَاعَتِهِ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may then enter the courtyard of the holy shrine and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ اَكْرَمَنِيْ بِمَعْرِفَتِهِ وَ مَعْرِفَةِ رَسُوْلِهِ وَ مَنْ فَرَضَ عَلَيَّ طَاعَتَهُ رَحْمَةً مِنْهُ لِيْ وَ تَطَوُّلًا مِنْهُ عَلَيَّ وَ مَنَّ عَلَيَّ بِالْاِيْمَانِ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ اَدْخَلَنِيْ حَرَمَ اَخِيْ رَسُوْلِهِ وَ اَرَانِيْهِ فِيْ عَافِيَةٍ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ جَعَلَنِيْ مِنْ زُوَّارِ قَبْرِ وَصِيِّ رَسُوْلِهِ اَشْهَدُ اَنْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ مُحَمَّدًا عَبْدُهُ وَ رَسُوْلُهُ جَاۤءَ بِالْحَقِّ مِنْ عِنْدِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ عَلِيًّا عَبْدُ اللّٰهِ وَ اَخُوْ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَ اللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ عَلٰى هِدَايَتِهِ وَ تَوْفِيْقِهِ لِمَا دَعَا اِلَيْهِ مِنْ سَبِيْلِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّكَ اَفْضَلُ مَقْصُوْدٍ وَ اَكْرَمُ مَأْتِيٍّ وَ قَدْ اَتَيْتُكَ مُتَقَرِّبًا اِلَيْكَ بِنَبِيِّكَ نَبِيِّ الرَّحْمَةِ وَ بِاَخِيْهِ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ عَلَيْهِمَا السَّلَامُ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ لَا تُخَيِّبْ سَعْيِيْ وَ انْظُرْ اِلَيَّ نَظْرَةً رَحِيْمَةً تَنْعَشُنِيْ بِهَا وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ عِنْدَكَ وَجِيْهًا فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ وَ مِنَ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ۔--You may then walk until you stop at the door of the portico and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَمِيْنِ اللّٰهِ عَلٰى وَحْيِهِ وَ عَزَاۤئِمِ اَمْرِهِ الْخَاتِمِ لِمَا سَبَقَ وَ الْفَاتِحِ لِمَا اسْتُقْبِلَ وَ الْمُهَيْمِنِ عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى صَاحِبِ السَّكِيْنَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمَدْفُوْنِ بِالْمَدِيْنَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمَنْصُوْرِ الْمُؤَيَّدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَبِي الْقَاسِمِ مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then enter the portico with your right foot, stop at the door of the dome, and say these words:\r\n\r\n--اَشْهَدُ اَنْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَحْدَهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ مُحَمَّدًا عَبْدُهُ وَ رَسُوْلُهُ جَاۤءَ بِالْحَقِّ مِنْ عِنْدِهِ وَ صَدَّقَ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَبِيْبَ اللّٰهِ وَ خِيَرَتَهُ مِنْ خَلْقِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَخِيْ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَبْدُكَ وَ ابْنُ عَبْدِكَ وَ ابْنُ اَمَتِكَ جَاۤءَكَ مُسْتَجِيْرًا بِذِمَّتِكَ قَاصِدًا اِلٰى حَرَمِكَ مُتَوَجِّهًا اِلٰى مَقَامِكَ مُتَوَسِّلًا اِلَى اللّٰهِ تَعَالٰى بِكَ اَاَدْخُلُ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَاَدْخُلُ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَاَدْخُلُ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ اَاَدْخُلُ يَاۤ اَمِيْنَ اللّٰهِ اَاَدْخُلُ يَا مَلَاۤئِكَةَ اللّٰهِ الْمُقِيْمِيْنَ [الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ‏] فِي هٰذَا الْمَشْهَدِ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَتَأْذَنُ لِيْ بِالدُّخُوْلِ اَفْضَلَ مَا اَذِنْتَ لِاَحَدٍ مِنْ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ فَاِنْ لَمْ اَكُنْ لَهُ اَهْلًا فَاَنْتَ اَهْلٌ لِذٰلِكَ۔--You may then kiss the doorstep and enter there with your right foot, saying the following:\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللّٰهِ وَ بِاللّٰهِ وَ فِيْ سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَلٰى مِلَّةِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اغْفِرْ لِيْ وَ ارْحَمْنِيْ وَ تُبْ عَلَيَّ اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ التَّوَّابُ الرَّحِيْمُ۔--You may then walk until you face and become opposite to the holy tomb. You may stop there before reaching the tomb, and say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ مِنَ اللّٰهِ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَمِيْنِ اللّٰهِ عَلٰى وَحْيِهِ وَ رِسَالَاتِهِ وَ عَزَاۤئِمِ اَمْرِهِ وَ مَعْدِنِ الْوَحْيِ وَ التَّنْزِيْلِ الْخَاتِمِ لِمَا سَبَقَ وَ الْفَاتِحِ لِمَا اسْتُقْبِلَ وَ الْمُهَيْمِنِ عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ الشَّاهِدِ عَلَى الْخَلْقِ السِّرَاجِ الْمُنِيْرِ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ الْمَظْلُوْمِيْنَ اَفْضَلَ وَ اَكْمَلَ وَ اَرْفَعَ وَ اَشْرَفَ مَا صَلَّيْتَ عَلٰى اَحَدٍ مِنْ اَنْبِيَاۤئِكَ وَ رُسُلِكَ وَ اَصْفِيَاۤئِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَبْدِكَ وَ خَيْرِ خَلْقِكَ بَعْدَ نَبِيِّكَ وَ اَخِيْ رَسُوْلِكَ وَ وَصِيِّ حَبِيْبِكَ الَّذِي انْتَجَبْتَهُ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ وَ الدَّلِيْلِ عَلٰى مَنْ بَعَثْتَهُ بِرِسَالَاتِكَ وَ دَيَّانِ الدِّيْنِ بِعَدْلِكَ وَ فَصْلِ قَضَاۤئِكَ بَيْنَ خَلْقِكَ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى الْاَئِمَّةِ مِنْ وُلْدِهِ الْقَوَّامِيْنَ بِاَمْرِكَ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ الْمُطَهَّرِيْنَ الَّذِيْنَ ارْتَضَيْتَهُمْ اَنْصَارًا لِدِيْنِكَ وَ حَفَظَةً لِسِرِّكَ وَ شُهَدَاۤءَ عَلٰى خَلْقِكَ وَ اَعْلَامًا لِعِبَادِكَ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِمْ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ وَصِيِّ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ خَلِيْفَتِهِ وَ الْقَاۤئِمِ بِاَمْرِهِ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى فَاطِمَةَ بِنْتِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ سَيِّدَيْ شَبَابِ اَهْلِ الْجَنَّةِ مِنَ الْخَلْقِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاَئِمَّةِ الرَّاشِدِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاَنْبِيَاۤءِ وَ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاَئِمَّةِ الْمُسْتَوْدِعِيْنَ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى خَآصَّةِ اللّٰهِ مِنْ خَلْقِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمُتَوَسِّمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ الَّذِيْنَ قَامُوْا بِاَمْرِهِ وَ وَازَرُوْا اَوْلِيَاۤءَ اللّٰهِ وَ خَافُوْا بِخَوْفِهِمْ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمَلَاۤئِكَةِ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْنَا وَ عَلٰى عِبَادِ اللّٰهِ الصَّالِحِيْنَ۔--You may then draw near the tomb, face it, make the kiblah direction behind you, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَبِيْبَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفْوَةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اِمَامَ الْهُدٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلَمَ التُّقٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْوَصِيُّ الْبَرُّ التَّقِيُّ النَّقِيُّ الْوَفِيُّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَبَا الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَمُوْدَ الدِّيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَيِّدَ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ وَ اَمِيْنَ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَ دَيَّانَ يَوْمِ الدِّيْنِ وَ خَيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ سَيِّدَ الصِّدِّيْقِيْنَ وَ الصَّفْوَةَ مِنْ سُلَالَةِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ بَابَ حِكْمَةِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَ خَازِنَ وَحْيِهِ وَ عَيْبَةَ عِلْمِهِ، وَ النَّاصِحَ لِاُمَّةِ نَبِيِّهِ وَ التَّالِيَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ الْمُوَاسِيَ لَهُ بِنَفْسِهِ وَ النَّاطِقَ بِحُجَّتِهِ وَ الدَّاعِيَ اِلٰى شَرِيْعَتِهِ وَ الْمَاضِيَ عَلٰى سُنَّتِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّهُ قَدْ بَلَّغَ عَنْ رَسُوْلِكَ مَا حُمِّلَ وَ رَعٰى مَا اسْتُحْفِظَ وَ حَفِظَ مَا اسْتُوْدِعَ وَ حَلَّلَ حَلَالَكَ وَ حَرَّمَ حَرَامَكَ وَ اَقَامَ اَحْكَامَكَ وَ جَاهَدَ النَّاكِثِيْنَ فِيْ سَبِيْلِكَ وَ الْقَاسِطِيْنَ فِيْ حُكْمِكَ وَ الْمَارِقِيْنَ عَنْ اَمْرِكَ صَابِرًا مُحْتَسِبًا لَا تَأْخُذُهُ فِيْكَ لَوْمَةُ لَاۤئِمٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَيْهِ اَفْضَلَ مَا صَلَّيْتَ عَلٰى اَحَدٍ مِنْ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ وَ اَصْفِيَاۤئِكَ وَ اَوْصِيَاۤءِ اَنْبِيَاۤئِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ هٰذَا قَبْرُ وَلِيِّكَ الَّذِيْ فَرَضْتَ طَاعَتَهُ وَ جَعَلْتَ فِي اَعْنَاقِ عِبَادِكَ مُبَايَعَتَهُ وَ خَلِيْفَتِكَ الَّذِيْ بِهِ تَأْخُذُ وَ تُعْطِيْ وَ بِهِ تُثِيْبُ وَ تُعَاقِبُ وَ قَدْ قَصَدْتُهُ طَمَعًا لِمَا اَعْدَدْتَهُ لِاَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ فَبِعَظِيْمِ قَدْرِهِ عِنْدَكَ وَ جَلِيْلِ خَطَرِهِ لَدَيْكَ وَ قُرْبِ مَنْزِلَتِهِ مِنْكَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ افْعَلْ بِيْ مَا اَنْتَ اَهْلُهُ فَاِنَّكَ اَهْلُ الْكَرَمِ وَ الْجُوْدِ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ وَ عَلٰى ضَجِيْعَيْكَ اٰدَمَ وَ نُوْحٍ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then kiss the tomb from the head’s side and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--يَا مَوْلَايَ اِلَيْكَ وُفُوْدِيْ وَ بِكَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلٰى رَبِّيْ فِيْ بُلُوْغِ مَقْصُوْدِيْ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ الْمُتَوَسِّلَ بِكَ غَيْرُ خَاۤئِبٍ وَ الطَّالِبَ بِكَ عَنْ مَعْرِفَةٍ غَيْرُ مَرْدُوْدٍ اِلَّا بِقَضَاۤءِ حَوَاۤئِجِهِ فَكُنْ لِيْ شَفِيْعًا اِلَى اللّٰهِ رَبِّكَ وَ رَبِّيْ فِيْ قَضَاۤءِ حَوَاۤئِجِيْ وَ تَيْسِيْرِ اُمُوْرِيْ وَ كَشْفِ شِدَّتِيْ وَ غُفْرَانِ ذَنْبِيْ وَ سَعَةِ رِزْقِيْ وَ تَطْوِيْلِ عُمُرِيْ وَ اِعْطَاۤءِ سُؤْلِيْ فِيْ اٰخِرَتِيْ وَ دُنْيَايَ اَللّٰهُمَّ الْعَنْ قَتَلَةَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ الْعَنْ قَتَلَةَ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ اَللّٰهُمَّ الْعَنْ قَتَلَةَ الْاَئِمَّةِ وَ عَذِّبْهُمْ عَذَابًا اَلِيْمًا لَا تُعَذِّبُهُ اَحَدًا مِنَ الْعَالَمِيْنَ عَذَابًا كَثِيْرًا لَا انْقِطَاعَ لَهُ وَ لَا اَجَلَ وَ لَا اَمَدَ بِمَا شَآقُّوْا وُلَاةَ اَمْرِكَ وَ اَعِدَّ لَهُمْ عَذَابًا لَمْ تُحِلَّهُ بِاَحَدٍ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اَدْخِلْ عَلٰى قَتَلَةِ اَنْصَارِ رَسُوْلِكَ وَ عَلٰى قَتَلَةِ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ عَلٰى قَتَلَةِ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ وَ عَلٰى قَتَلَةِ اَنْصَارِ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ وَ قَتَلَةِ مَنْ قُتِلَ فِيْ وِلَايَةِ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَجْمَعِيْنَ عَذَابًا اَلِيْمًا مُضَاعَفًا فِيْ اَسْفَلِ دَرْكٍ مِنَ الْجَحِيْمِ لَا يُخَفَّفُ عَنْهُمُ الْعَذَابُ وَ هُمْ فِيْهِ مُبْلِسُوْنَ مَلْعُوْنُوْنَ نَاكِسُوْا رُءُوْسِهِمْ عِنْدَ رَبِّهِمْ قَدْ عَايَنُوْا النَّدَامَةَ وَ الْخِزْيَ الطَّوِيْلَ لِقَتْلِهِمْ عِتْرَةَ اَنْبِيَاۤئِكَ وَ رُسُلِكَ وَ اَتْبَاعَهُمْ مِنْ عِبَادِكَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ الْعَنْهُمْ فِيْ مُسْتَسِرِّ السِّرِّ وَ ظَاهِرِ الْعَلَانِيَةِ فِيْ اَرْضِكَ وَ سَمَاۤئِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْ لِيْ قَدَمَ صِدْقٍ فِيْ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ وَ حَبِّبْ اِلَيَّ مَشَاهِدَهُمْ وَ مُسْتَقَرَّهُمْ حَتّٰى تُلْحِقَنِيْ بِهِمْ وَ تَجْعَلَنِيْ لَهُمْ تَبَعًا فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may then kiss the tomb, face the tomb of Imam al-Husayn ibn ‘Ali (‘a), make the kiblah direction seem to be between your shoulders, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ فَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْاَئِمَّةِ الْهَادِيْنَ الْمَهْدِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَرِيْعَ الدَّمْعَةِ السَّاكِبَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَاحِبَ الْمُصِيْبَةِ الرَّاتِبَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى جَدِّكَ وَ اَبِيْكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى اُمِّكَ وَ اَخِيْكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلَى الْاَئِمَّةِ مِنْ ذُرِّيَّتِكَ وَ بَنِيْكَ اَشْهَدُ لَقَدْ طَيَّبَ اللّٰهُ بِكَ التُّرَابَ وَ اَوْضَحَ بِكَ الْكِتَابَ وَ جَعَلَكَ وَ اَبَاكَ وَ جَدَّكَ وَ اَخَاكَ وَ بَنِيْكَ عِبْرَةً لِاُوْلِي الْاَلْبَابِ يَا ابْنَ الْمَيَامِيْنِ الْاَطْيَابِ التَّالِيْنَ الْكِتَابَ وَجَّهْتُ سَلَامِيْ اِلَيْكَ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ وَ سَلَامُهُ عَلَيْكَ وَ جَعَلَ اَفْئِدَةً مِنَ النَّاسِ تَهْوِيْ اِلَيْكَ مَا خَابَ مَنْ تَمَسَّكَ بِكَ وَ لَجَاَ اِلَيْكَ۔--You may then move to the side of the feet and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَبِي الْاَئِمَّةِ وَ خَلِيْلِ النُّبُوَّةِ وَ الْمَخْصُوْصِ بِالْاُخُوَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى يَعْسُوْبِ الدِّيْنِ وَ الْاِيْمَانِ وَ كَلِمَةِ الرَّحْمٰنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مِيْزَانِ الْاَعْمَالِ وَ مُقَلِّبِ الْاَحْوَالِ وَ سَيْفِ ذِي الْجَلَالِ وَ سَاقِيْ السَّلْسَبِيْلِ الزُّلَالِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى صَالِحِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ وَارِثِ عِلْمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ الْحَاكِمِ يَوْمِ الدِّيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى شَجَرَةِ التَّقْوٰى وَ سَامِعِ السِّرِّ وَ النَّجْوٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى حُجَّةِ اللّٰهِ الْبَالِغَةِ وَ نِعْمَتِهِ السَّابِغَةِ وَ نِقْمَتِهِ الدَّامِغَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الصِّرَاطِ الْوَاضِحِ وَ النَّجْمِ اللَّاۤئِحِ وَ الْاِمَامِ النَّاصِحِ وَ الزِّنَادِ الْقَادِحِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ اَخِيْ نَبِيِّكَ وَ وَلِيِّهِ وَ نَاصِرِهِ وَ وَصِيِّهِ وَ وَزِيْرِهِ وَ مُسْتَوْدَعِ عِلْمِهِ وَ مَوْضِعِ سِرِّهِ وَ بَابِ حِكْمَتِهِ وَ النَّاطِقِ بِحُجَّتِهِ وَ الدَّاعِيْ اِلٰى شَرِيْعَتِهِ وَ خَلِيْفَتِهِ فِيْ اُمَّتِهِ وَ مُفَرِّجِ الْكَرْبِ عَنْ وَجْهِهِ وَ قَاصِمِ الْكَفَرَةِ وَ مُرْغِمِ الْفَجَرَةِ الَّذِيْ جَعَلْتَهُ مِنْ نَبِيِّكَ بِمَنْزِلَةِ هَارُوْنَ مِنْ مُوْسٰى اَللّٰهُمَّ وَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ وَ عَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ وَ انْصُرْ مَنْ نَصَرَهُ وَ اخْذُلْ مَنْ خَذَلَهُ وَ الْعَنْ مَنْ نَصَبَ لَهُ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ صَلِّ عَلَيْهِ اَفْضَلَ مَا صَلَّيْتَ عَلٰى اَحَدٍ مِنْ اَوْصِيَاۤءِ اَنْبِيَاۤئِكَ يَا رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ ۔--You may then return to your place at the side of the head for visiting Prophet Adam and Prophet Noah, peace be upon them. Visiting Prophet Adam, you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَبِيْبَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نَبِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَمِيْنَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَلِيْفَةَ اللّٰهِ فِي اَرْضِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَبَا الْبَشَرِ اَلسَّلَامُ [سَلَامُ اللّٰهِ‏] عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى رُوْحِكَ وَ بَدَنِكَ وَ عَلَى الطَّاهِرِيْنَ مِنْ وُلْدِكَ وَ ذُرِّيَّتِكَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ‏ صَلٰوةً لَا يُحْصِيْهَا اِلَّا هُوَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--Visiting Prophet Noah, you may say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نَبِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَبِيْبَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا شَيْخَ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَمِيْنَ اللّٰهِ فِيْ اَرْضِهِ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ وَ سَلَامُهُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى رُوْحِكَ وَ بَدَنِكَ وَ عَلَى الطَّاهِرِيْنَ مِنْ وُلْدِكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ ۔--You may then offer a six unit prayer. In the first two units, which are intended for visiting the tomb of Imam ‘Ali Amir al-Mu’minin (‘a), you may recite Surah al-Fatihah and Surah al-Rahman (No. 55) at the first unit, and recite Surah al-Fatihah and Surah Yasin (No. 36) in the second. When you say the tashahhud and taslim statements, you may then say the famous Tasbih al-Zahra’ litany, implore for Almighty Allah’s forgiveness (i.e. istighfar), pray Him to grant you your personal needs, and then say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ صَلَّيْتُ هَاتَيْنِ الرَّكْعَتَيْنِ هَدِيَّةً مِنِّيْ اِلٰى سَيِّدِيْ وَ مَوْلَايَ وَلِيِّكَ وَ اَخِيْ رَسُوْلِكَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْهِ وَ عَلٰى اٰلِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ تَقَبَّلْهَا مِنِّيْ وَ اجْزِنِيْ عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ جَزَاۤءَ الْمُحْسِنِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ لَكَ صَلَّيْتُ وَ لَكَ رَكَعْتُ وَ لَكَ سَجَدْتُ وَحْدَكَ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَكَ لِاَنَّهُ لَا تَكُوْنُ [لَا تَجُوْزُ] الصَّلٰوةُ وَ الرُّكُوْعُ وَ السُّجُوْدُ اِلَّا لَكَ لِاَنَّكَ اَنْتَ اللّٰهُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ تَقَبَّلْ مِنِّيْ زِيَارَتِيْ وَ اَعْطِنِيْ سُؤْلِيْ بِمُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ ۔--You may then provide the other four units as present to Prophet Adam and Prophet Noah.\r\n\r\nYou may then prostrate yourself for thanksgiving (sajdat al-shukr) and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِلَيْكَ تَوَجَّهْتُ وَ بِكَ اعْتَصَمْتُ وَ عَلَيْكَ تَوَكَّلْتُ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ ثِقَتِيْ وَ رَجَاۤئِي فَاكْفِنِيْ مَا اَهَمَّنِيْ وَ مَا لَا يُهِمُّنِيْ وَ مَا اَنْتَ اَعْلَمُ بِهِ مِنِّيْ عَزَّ جَارُكَ وَ جَلَّ ثَنَاۤؤُكَ وَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ غَيْرُكَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ قَرِّبْ فَرَجَهُمْ--You may then put your right cheek on the ground and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اِرْحَمْ ذُلِّيْ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ وَ تَضَرُّعِيْ اِلَيْكَ وَ وَحْشَتِيْ مِنَ النَّاسِ وَ اُنْسِيْ بِكَ يَا كَرِيْمُ يَا كَرِيْمُ يَا كَرِيْمُ--You may then put your left cheek on the ground and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ رَبِّيْ حَقًّا حَقًّا سَجَدْتُ لَكَ يَا رَبِّ تَعَبُّدًا وَ رِقًّا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّ عَمَلِيْ ضَعِيْفٌ فَضَاعِفْهُ لِيْ يَا كَرِيْمُ يَا كَرِيْمُ يَا كَرِيْمُ ۔--You may then return to the state of ordinary prostration and repeat the following word one hundred times:\r\n\r\n--شُكْرًا--You are recommended to pray Almighty Allah as earnestly as possible, because the place you are in is the zone of granting requests. You are also recommended to implore Almighty Allah for forgiveness as sincerely as possible, because the place you are in is the zone of forgiveness. You are recommended to beseech Almighty Allah for settling your needs as seriously as possible, because the place you are in is the zone of responding to the needs.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Shaykh alMufid, alShahid, Sayyid Ibn Tawus, and others have mentioned the following form of Ziyarah:\r\n\r\nAs you are determined to visit the tomb of Imam ‘Ali (‘a), you should bathe yourself, put on two clean pieces of dress, and use a perfume, even though it is acceptable without it. While you are about to leave your house, you may say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I leave my house seeking Your bounties and visiting the Viceroy of Your Prophet—peace of You be upon both of them. So, O Allah, (please do) make it easy for me, help me pay this visit to him, and take my place, while I am away, in my affairs and possessions in the best manner of taking place. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy!\r\n\r\nYou may then proceed, extolling Almighty Allah with the following doxology (zikr) (zikr):\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah. All glory be to Allah There is no god but Allah.\r\n\r\nOnce you reach the trench of alKufah, you may stop there and say the following words:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. O worthiest of exaltation, glorification, and grandeur. Allah is the Most Great. O worthiest of being deemed Great, of sanctification, of glorification, and of granting bounties. Allah is Greater than what I fear and what I worry about. Allah is the Most Great; He is my support and on Him do I rely. Allah is the Most Great; He is my hope and to Him do I turn. O Allah, You are indeed the source of my blessings and You alone can respond to my request. You know my neediness and whatever is concealed by the premonitions of hearts and the thoughts of inner selves. I therefore beseech You in the name of Muhammad, the Chosen Prophet, through whom You have stopped all the claims of those who may excuse and the pretexts of those who may make apologies and whom You have decided to be mercy to the peoples, (I beseech You) not to deprive me of the rewards of my visiting Your intimate servant, the brother of Your Prophet, and the Commander of the Believers and my directing to him, and to include me with the virtuous delegation to him and with his pious adherents; (I beseech for that) in the name of Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy.\r\n\r\nOnce your eyes fall on the holy dome, say these words:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah, for He has conferred upon me exclusively the legitimacy of birth, and for He has bestowed me, out of His honoring me, with the loyalty to the pious, immaculate representatives (of Him), the best of all, and the most knowledgeable. O Allah, (please do) accept my seeking for You and my earnest imploration in Your Presence and (please do) forgive my sins that cannot be hidden from You. Verily, You are Allah, the King, the All-forgiving.\r\n\r\nAs soon as the sight of the za’ir, especially the learnt and righteous, falls on the luminous dome of Imam ‘Ali’s holy shrine, he/she feels active and delightful; and love and loyalty begins arousing in his heart, making he/her try to turn to the Imam (‘a) with full heart and to praise and commend him in all languages and styles, and to find suitable poetic verses through which he/she can express his/her actual feelings. I therefore deem suitable to cite the following poetic verses excerpted from the famous poem of alAzri, hoping that the gentle za’ir, being at this situation, will convey my greetings to the owner of that dome and will not exclude from those for whom he prays:\r\n\r\n O hasty driver, slow down! Have compassion on hearts that are turned over in tense emotions. If the land of al-Ghari shows itself to you, then yield and take off your shoes facing the like of Tuwa Valley. If you behold the dome of the Upper World covered by the lights of its Lord, then be unassuming, for there lies a halo of holiness that even the highest stars wish to kiss its soil. Say to him, while your tears are like pouring agate and your bowels being blazed by their fire: O Prophet’s cousin, you are the Hand of Allah Whose bounty has included all things. You are His Eternal Qur’an and your attributes are the Verses that He has revealed. Allah has favored you in untold merits that are as countless as numbers. May an eye that grazes from a garden other than yours be deeply injured and be kept in injury. After the Prophet, you are the best of beings, and the best thing in the sky is the moon. You have a self that is as same as his. Had your selves been different, he would not have united them in fraternity. You and he were fed from the same breast of connection whose drink was made of the Essence of Manifes ta tion. O Chosen Prophet’s brother, I have had sins just like motes in my eye, and you are the remedy. In the scale of elevation and altitude, you enjoy such high levels that even the lowest of which cannot be attained. You enjoy a soul that was made from the core of fineness. May Allah make all souls ransoms for it.\r\n\r\nWhen you reach at the fortress of Najaf (hisn alnajaf), you may say the following words:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah Who has guided us to this; and we would not have found the way had it not been that Allah had guided us. All praise be to Allah Who has made me travel in His countries, Who has caused me to ride His animals, Who has made the distant space seem near for me, Who has kept away from me what is dangerous, and Who has held off against me what is unwanted until He made me come up to the Precinct of the brother of His Messenger, peace be upon him and his Household.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the city, saying:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah Who has allowed me to enter this blessed zone, which Allah has blessed and has chosen for His Prophet’s Successor. O Allah, (please do) make this zone witness for me.\r\n\r\nWhen you reach at the first doorstep, you may say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I have stopped at Your door, I have come to Your court, to Your Cord do I cling, Your mercy do I seek, and by Your Intimate Servant—may Your blessings be upon him—do I beg You. So, (please do) make it an admissible visit and a responded supplication.\r\n\r\nYou may then stop at the gate of the courtyard, saying the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, this holy place is verily Yours, this situation is Yours, and I am entering here so as to confide to You things that You are more knowledgeable than I am as well as You are more knowledgeable than I am as regards my secrets and my confidential speech. All praise be to Allah, the All-benevolent, the All-favorer, the All-munificent, Who, out of His munificence, has made it easy for me to visit my master, Who has not made me banned from visiting him, and Who has not included me with those who are prevented from being loyal to his (Divinely commissioned) leadership; rather, He has bestowed upon me and donated me (this favor). O Allah, just as You have conferred upon me with the favor of recognition of him, so also (please do) include me with his adherents (Shl'ah) and allow me to enter Paradise by means of his intercession, O most merciful of all those who show mercy.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the courtyard of the holy shrine and say the following words:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah Who has honored me with the recognition of Him, the recognition of His Messenger, and the recognition of him the obedience to whom has been made incumbent upon me by Him on account of His mercy to me, His favor that He bestowed upon me, and His conferral upon me with faith. All praise be to Allah Who has allowed me to enter the shrine of His Messenger’s brother and has made me see this shrine while I enjoy good health. All praise be to Allah Who has included me with the visitors of the tomb of His Messenger’s successor. I bear witness that there is no god but Allah, alone without having any associate, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His servant and Messenger. He has conveyed the truth from Allah. And I bear witness that ‘Ali is the servant of Allah and the brother of Allah’s Messenger. Allah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. There is no god but Allah, and Allah is the Most Great. All praise be to Allah for He has guided me and led me successfully to His course to which He has invited (us). O Allah, You are verily the most excellent besought One and the most honorable purposed One. I thus have come to You, seeking nearness to You in the name of Your Prophet, the Prophet of Mercy and in the name of his brother, the Commander of the Faithful, ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib—peace be upon them both. So, (please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, do not disappoint my efforts, (please) grant me a merciful look from You through which You refresh me, make me illustrious in Your view in this world as well as the world to come, and make me of those brought near to You.\r\n\r\nYou may then walk until you stop at the door of the portico and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon Allah’s Messenger whom Allah has entrusted with His Revelations and with His determined commandments, who sealed the previous Messages, paved the way to the coming blessings, and who prevails over all that. May the mercy and blessings of Allah be upon him, too. Peace be upon the holder of tranquility, peace be upon the one buried at al-Madmah. Peace be upon the triumphed and supported (by Allah). Peace be upon Abu’l-Qasim, Muhammad the son of 'Abdullah. May the mercy and blessings of Allah be upon him, too.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the portico with your right foot, stop at the door of the dome, and say these words:\r\n\r\nI bear witness that there is no god but Allah, alone without having any associate, and I bear witness that Muhammad is His servant and Messenger. He has conveyed the truth from Him and verified the (past) Messengers. Peace be upon you, O Messenger of Allah! Peace be upon you, O most-beloved of Allah and best of His beings! Peace be upon the Commander of the Faithful: the servant of Allah and the brother of Allah’s Messenger. O master, O Commander of the Faithful! I, your slave and the son of your slave and your bondmaid, have come to you seeking the refuge of your protection, directing to your shrine, turning my face toward your place, and begging Almighty Allah in your name. May I enter, O master? May I enter, O Commander of the Faithful? May I enter, O argument of Allah? May I enter, O trustee of Allah? May I enter, O angels of Allah who reside in this shrine? O master, may you permit me to enter in the best way of permission you have ever given to any of your devotees? If I am too little to deserve your permission, then You are too exalted to deprive me of it.\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the doorstep and enter there with your right foot, saying the following:\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah (I begin), in Allah (I trust), on the way of Allah, and on the norm of the Messenger of Allah (I proceed), may Allah bless him and his Household. O Allah, (please do) forgive me for You are verily the Oft-Returning.\r\n\r\nYou may then walk until you face and become opposite to the holy tomb. You may stop there before reaching the tomb, and say the following:\r\n\r\n Peace of Allah be upon Muhammad the Messenger of Allah, the trustee of Allah over His Revelations, Messages, and determined commandments, the core of the Divine Inspiration and Revelation, who sealed the previous Messages, paved the way to the coming blessings, who prevails over all that, the witness over the creatures, and the luminous torch. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him. O Allah, (please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and his Household, the oppressed ones, with the best, most perfect, most exalted, and most honored blessings that You have ever showed on any of Your Prophets, Messengers, and Chosen servants. O Allah, (please do) send blessings upon the Commander of the Faithful, Your servant, the best of Your creatures after Your Prophet, the brother of Your Messenger, the Successor of Your most-beloved one, whom You have selected from among Your beings, the guide to those whom You sent with Your messages, the establisher of the true religion by means of Your justice, and the decisive judge among Your beings. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him. O Allah, (please do) send blessings upon the Imams from his offspring, (who are) the holders of Your commandments after him, and the immaculate ones whom You have accepted as supporters of Your religion, keepers of Your secret, witnesses over Your created beings, and signs (of example) for Your servants. May Your blessings be upon them all. Peace be upon the Commander of the Faithful, ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib, the successor of Allah’s Messenger, his representative, who managed his affairs after him, and the master of all Prophet’s successors. May Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him, too. Peace be upon Fatimah, the daughter of Allah’s Messenger, may Allah’s blessings be upon him, (she is) the doyenne of all the women of this world. Peace be upon al-Hasan and al-Husayn, the chiefs of the youth of Paradise among all beings. Peace be upon the Guiding Imams. Peace be upon the Prophets and the Messengers. Peace be upon the Imams whom are entrusted (with the religion by Allah). Peace be upon the elite creatures of Allah. Peace be upon those who understand by tokens. Peace be upon the faithful believers who have carried out His orders, supported the saints of Allah, and have feared for their fear. Peace be upon the Favorite Angels. Peace be upon us and upon the righteous servants of Allah.\r\n\r\nYou may then draw near the tomb, face it, make the kiblah direction behind you, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O beloved by Allah. Peace be upon you, O choice of Allah. Peace be upon you, O  intimate servant of Allah. Peace be upon you, O Argument of Allah (against His creatures). Peace be upon you, O leader of true guidance. Peace be upon you, O sign of piety. Peace be upon you, O successor, religious, pious, pure, and loyal. Peace be upon you, O father of al-Hasan and al-Husayn. Peace be upon you, O pillar of the religion. Peace be upon you, O chief of the successors (of Prophets), trustee of the Lord of the worlds, judge on the Judgement Day, best of the believers, chief of the most truthful ones, elite of the Prophets’ lineage, door to the wisdom of the Lord of the worlds, keeper of His Revelation, container of His knowledge, advisor of His Prophet’s people, next to His Messenger, who sacrificed himself for him (i.e. for the Messenger), speaker with his arguments, inviter to his principles, and steadfast on his instructions. O Allah, I do bear witness that he carried out the mission conveyed to him by Your Messenger, achieved what he was ordered to keep, kept what has been stored with him, deemed lawful that which You deem lawful, deemed unlawful that which You deem unlawful, put into practice Your laws, strove against the contraveners for Your sake, against the wrongdoers according to Your laws, and against the apostates from Your decree, did all that with steadfastness, expecting Your reward, and no blame of any blamer could ever influence him. O Allah, (please do) send blessings upon him with the best way You have ever blessed any of Your intimate servants, Your choicest ones, and Your Prophet’s successors. O Allah, this is the tomb of Your representative the obedience to whom has been made by You incumbent (upon us), the loyalty to whom has been made by You in the necks of Your servants, and (it is the tomb of) Your viceroy through whom You will give and take, and through whom You will reward and punish. I have directed to him, seeking for what You have prepared for Your intimate servants. So, (I beseech You) in the name of his eminent standing with You, in the name of his great status in Your view, and in the name of the closeness of his position to You, to bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and to do to me that which is expected from You, for You are verily worthy of honoring and generous granting. Peace be upon you, O my master, and upon your partners in the place, (Prophet) Adam and (Prophet) Noah. May Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you,too.\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the tomb from the head’s side and say the following words:\r\n\r\nO my master, to You is my coming and in your name do I beseech my Lord so that I may achieve my goal. I bear witness that he who beseeches (Allah) in your name shall never be disappointed and he who implores (Allah) in your name, with full cognizance, shall never be rejected; rather, all his needs shall be settled. So, (please) be my interceder to Allah— my and your Lord—for purpose of settling my needs, making easy my affairs, relieving my depressions, forgiving my sins, expanding my sustenance sources, extending my lifetime, and granting me all my requests for the world to come as well as this world. O Allah, curse the killers of the Commander of the Faithful. O Allah, curse the killers of al-Hasan and al-Husayn. O Allah, curse the killers of the Imams, and subject them to such a painful chastisement that You have never subjected any of Your creatures to it, such an enormous chastisement that never ceases, nor comes to an end, nor reaches a deadline, for what they contended against Your authorities. And (please do) prepare for them such an intense torture that You have not decided for any of Your creatures. O Allah, (please do) impose upon the killers of Your Messenger’s supporters, the killers of the Commander of the Faithful, the killers of al-Hasan and al-Husayn, the killers of the supporters of al-Hasan and al-Husayn, and the killers of all those whom were killed because of their loyalty to the Household of Muhammad, a painful, cyclic punishment in the lowest class of Hellfire that the punishment shall not be lightened for them and they shall lay therein in utter despair and endless curse; they shall be hanging down their heads before their Lord after they shall find out with certainty regret and long-lasting disgrace, for they killed the members of the household of Your Prophets and Messengers and the righteous servants from their followers. O Allah, (do) curse them in the most concealed secrecy and in the most apparent openness, in Your lands and in Your heavens. O Allah, (please do) decide for me a truthful step with Your intimate servants and make me long for their shrines and their residing-places until You include me with them and make me among their followers in this world as well as the world to come. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy!\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the tomb, face the tomb of Imam alHusayn ibn ‘Ali (‘a), make the kiblah direction seem to be between your shoulders, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, 0 Abu-'Abdullah. Peace be upon you, 0 son of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, 0 son of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, 0 son of Fatimah, the luminous lady, the doyenne of all women of the worlds. Peace be upon you, 0 father of the Imams— the guides and well-guided. Peace be upon you, 0 victim of the pouring tears. Peace be upon you, 0 man of the disastrous misfortune. Peace be upon you and upon your grandfather and father. Peace be upon you and upon your mother and brother. Peace be upon you and upon the Imams from your offspring and descendants. I bear witness that Allah has purified the soil (on which you fell down) through you, has made clear His Book through you, and has made you, your father, your grandfather, your brother, and your descendants examples for the owners of intellects. 0 son of the blessed, purified ones who recite (and apply) the Book utterly, I direct my greetings to you. May Allah make His peace and blessings to be upon you and may He make the hearts of some people yearn toward you. Disappointment shall never chase him who adheres to you and resorts to you.\r\n\r\nYou may then move to the side of the feet and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon the father of the Imams, the intimate friend of Prophethood, and the marked, exclusively, by fraternity (with the Holy Prophet). Peace be upon the head of the religion and faith, and the word of the All-beneficent Lord. Peace be upon the Scale of the deeds the turner over of manners, the sword of the Lord of Majesty, and who supplies with the fresh water of Salsabll. Peace be upon the most righteous of the believers, the inheritor of the Prophet’s knowledge, and the judge on the Judgement Day. Peace be upon the tree of piety and the hearer of hidden and confidential speeches. Peace be upon Allah’s conclusive argument, His flowing boon, and His forceful punishment. Peace be upon the clear-cut path, the patent star, the advising leader, and the igniting firelock. May Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) send blessings upon the Commander of the Faithful, ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib: the brother, ally, supporter, successor, and patron of Your Prophet, the store of his knowledge, the depot of his secrets, the door to his wisdom, the spokesman with his arguments, the caller to his code of law, his viceroy in his community, the reliever of agony from his face, the terminator of the infidels, the conqueror on the wicked ones, whom You have made, with regard to his position to Your Prophet, to occupy the same position that (Prophet) Aaron enjoyed with (Prophet) Moses. O Allah, (please do) give support to any one who supports him, be the enemy of every one who antagonizes him, give victory to any one who gives him his victory, disappoint every one who disappoints him, and lay curse on any one who incurs the hostility of him from the past and the coming generations. And (please do) bless him with the best blessings that You have ever poured on any of Your Prophet’s successors. O Lord of the worlds!\r\n\r\nYou may then return to your place at the side of the head for visiting Prophet Adam and Prophet Noah, peace be upon them. Visiting Prophet Adam, you may say the following:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O choice of Allah. Peace be upon you, O beloved by Allah. Peace be upon you, O Prophet of Allah. Peace be upon you, O trustee of Allah. Peace be upon you, O representative of Allah in His lands. Peace be upon you, O father of all mankind. Peace be upon you and upon your soul and body, and upon the pure ones from your sons and descendants. May Allah pour upon you such innumerable blessings that none can count save Him. May Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nVisiting Prophet Noah, you may say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Prophet of Allah. Peace be upon you, O choice of Allah. Peace be upon you, O intimate servant of Allah. Peace be upon you, O beloved by Allah. Peace be upon you, O chief of the Messengers. Peace be upon you, O trustee of Allah in His lands. May Allah’s peace and blessings be upon you, upon your soul and body, and upon the pure ones from among your sons. May Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then offer a six unit prayer. In the first two units, which are intended for visiting the tomb of Imam ‘Ali Amir alMu’minin (‘a), you may recite Surah alFatihah and Surah alRahman (No. 55) at the first unit, and recite Surah alFatihah and Surah Yasin (No. 36) in the second. When you say the tashahhud and taslim statements, you may then say the famous Tasbih alZahra’ litany, implore for Almighty Allah’s forgiveness (i.e. istighfar), pray Him to grant you your personal needs, and then say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I have offered these two units of prayer, as present from me to my master and chief: Your intimate servant, the brother of Your Messenger, the Commander of the Faithful and the chief of the Prophets’ successors; namely, ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib, may Allah’s blessings be upon him and his household. So, O Allah, (please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, accept that prayer from me, and confer upon me with the reward that You give to the good-doers. O Allah, to You have I offered prayer, genuflected, and prostrated myself; to You alone without associating anyone with You, because prayers, genuflections, and prostrations are submitted to none save You, because You are Allah; there is no god save You. O Allah, (please do) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, admit my visit, and respond to my requests in the name of Muhammad and his Household—the immaculate ones.\r\n\r\nYou may then provide the other four units as present to Prophet Adam and Prophet Noah.\r\n\r\nYou may then prostrate yourself for thanksgiving (sajdat alshukr) and say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, to You do I direct my face, to You do I resort, and on You do I rely. O Allah, You are my trust and my hope; so, (please do) save me from whatever concerns me, whatever does not concern me, and whatever You know more than I do. Certainly, protected is he who lies under Your protection, glory be to Your praise, and there is no deity save You. (Please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, and hasten their Relief.\r\n\r\nYou may then put your right cheek on the ground and say the following words:\r\n\r\n(Please do) have mercy on my humiliation before You, on my earnest imploring to You, on my loneliness among people, and on my amiability with You. O All-generous! O All-generous! O All-generous!\r\n\r\nYou may then put your left cheek on the ground and say the following words:\r\n\r\nThere is no god save You, my Lord; truly, truly. O Lord, I prostrate myself before You as sign of my worshipfulness and servitude to You. O Allah, my deed is certainly feeble; so, (please do) grant it strength by increasing it many times, O All-generous! O All-generous! O All-generous!\r\n\r\nYou may then return to the state of ordinary prostration and repeat the following word one hundred times:\r\n\r\nThanks\r\n\r\nYou are recommended to pray Almighty Allah as earnestly as possible, because the place you are in is the zone of granting requests. You are also recommended to implore Almighty Allah for forgiveness as sincerely as possible, because the place you are in is the zone of forgiveness. You are recommended to beseech Almighty Allah for settling your needs as seriously as possible, because the place you are in is the zone of responding to the needs."
}