{
    "content": "The author of al-Mustadrak has reported from the book of al-Mazar by Muhammad ibn al-Mashhadi that Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) visited the head of Imam al-Husayn (‘a) while he was at the head’s side of the tomb of Imam ‘Ali (‘a) where he offered four units of prayer and said the following form of Ziyarah:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الصِّدِّيْقَةِ الطَّاهِرَةِ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَا اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ تَلَوْتَ الْكِتَابَ حَقَّ تِلَاوَتِهِ وَ جَاهَدْتَ فِيْ اللّٰهِ حَقَّ جِهَادِهِ وَ صَبَرْتَ عَلَى الْاَذٰى فِيْ جَنْبِهِ مُحْتَسِبًا حَتّٰى اَتَاكَ الْيَقِيْنُ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ الَّذِيْنَ خَالَفُوْكَ وَ حَارَبُوْكَ وَ اَنَّ الَّذِيْنَ خَذَلُوْكَ وَ الَّذِيْنَ قَتَلُوْكَ مَلْعُوْنُوْنَ عَلٰى لِسَانِ النَّبِيِّ الْاُمِّيِّ وَ قَدْ خَابَ مَنِ افْتَرٰى لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ الظَّالِمِيْنَ لَكُمْ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ ضَاعَفَ عَلَيْهِمُ الْعَذَابَ الْاَلِيْمَ اَتَيْتُكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ زَاۤئِرًا عَارِفًا بِحَقِّكَ مُوَالِيًا لِاَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ مُعَادِيًا لِاَعْدَاۤئِكَ مُسْتَبْصِرًا بِالْهُدَى الَّذِيْ اَنْتَ عَلَيْهِ عَارِفًا بِضَلَالَةِ مَنْ خَالَفَكَ فَاشْفَعْ لِيْ عِنْدَ رَبِّكَ ۔--It is appropriate to say this form of Ziyarah of Imam al-Husayn’s tomb from the the mosque known as Masjid al-Hannanah, for Shaykh Muhammad ibn al-Mashhadi has reported that Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq (‘a) said this form of Ziyarah at this mosque and then offered a four unit prayer there.\r\n\r\nIt goes without saying that Masjid al-Hannanah is one of the honorable mosques of the holy city of Najaf. It has been also narrated that the head of Imam al-Husayn (‘a) is buried at that mosque.\r\n\r\nIt has been also narrated that after Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) has accomplished a two unit prayer at this mosque, he was asked about the prayer. “This is the place where they put the head of my grandfather, al-Husayn ibn ‘Ali, when they brought it from Karbala’,” answered the Imam (‘a). “From here, they took the head to ‘Ubaydullah ibn Ziyad,” he added.\r\n\r\nIt has been further narrated that Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) advised that the following supplicatory prayer would be said at this mosque:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّكَ تَرٰى مَكَانِيْ وَ تَسْمَعُ كَلَامِيْ وَ لَا يَخْفٰى عَلَيْكَ شَيْ‏ءٌ مِنْ اَمْرِيْ وَ كَيْفَ يَخْفٰى عَلَيْكَ مَا اَنْتَ مُكَوِّنُهُ وَ بَارِئُهُ وَ قَدْ جِئْتُكَ مُسْتَشْفِعًا بِنَبِيِّكَ نَبِيِّ الرَّحْمَةِ وَ مُتَوَسِّلًا بِوَصِيِّ رَسُوْلِكَ فَاَسْاَلُكَ بِهِمَا ثَبَاتَ الْقَدَمِ وَ الْهُدٰى وَ الْمَغْفِرَةَ فِي الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The author of alMustadrak has reported from the book of alMazar by Muhammad ibn alMashhadi that Imam alSadiq (‘a) visited the head of Imam alHusayn (‘a) while he was at the head’s side of the tomb of Imam ‘Ali (‘a) where he offered four units of prayer and said the following form of Ziyarah:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O son of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O son of the veracious and pure doyenne of all women of the world. Peace be upon you, O my master, Abu-Abdullah. So be upon you Allah’s mercy and blessings. I bear witness that you offered the prayers, gave alms (zakat), you enjoined the right, forbade the wrong, recited the Book as it ought to be read, strove for the sake of Allah as it ought to be striven, and stood harm for His sake, seeking His reward, until death came upon you. And I witness that those who dissented with you, those who fought against you, those who disappointed you, and those who slew you— all those are accused in the words of the Ummi (i.e. inhabitant of Umm al-Qura, Makkah) Prophet. And the forger must suffer frustration! May Allah curse those who prosecuted you from the past and the coming generations and may He double for them the painful chastisement. O my master and son of Allah’s Messenger, I have come visiting you and recognizing your status, showing loyalty to your adherents, incurring the hostility of your enemies, acknowledging the true guidance that you follow, and understanding the deviation (from the right path) of any one who disagrees with you. So,(please)intercede for me with your Lord.\r\n\r\nIt is appropriate to say this form of Ziyarah of Imam alHusayn’s tomb from the the mosque known as Masjid alHannanah, for Shaykh Muhammad ibn alMashhadi has reported that Imam Ja’far alSadiq (‘a) said this form of Ziyarah at this mosque and then offered a four unit prayer there.\r\n\r\nIt goes without saying that Masjid alHannanah is one of the honorable mosques of the holy city of Najaf. It has been also narrated that the head of Imam alHusayn (‘a) is buried at that mosque.\r\n\r\nIt has been also narrated that after Imam alSadiq (‘a) has accomplished a two unit prayer at this mosque, he was asked about the prayer. “This is the place where they put the head of my grandfather, alHusayn ibn ‘Ali, when they brought it from Karbala’,” answered the Imam (‘a). “From here, they took the head to ‘Ubaydullah ibn Ziyad,” he added.\r\n\r\nIt has been further narrated that Imam alSadiq (‘a) advised that the following supplicatory prayer would be said at this mosque:\r\n\r\nO Allah, You can see my place, hear my speech, and nothing of my affairs can ever conceal itself from You. How come a thing that You have created and made conceal itself from You? I have come to you seeking the intercession of Your Prophet—the Prophet of Mercy, and seeking the mediation of Your Prophet’s successor. So, I beseech You in the name of both of them to grant me firmness, true guidance, and forgiveness in this world as well as the world to come."
}