{
    "content": "ZIYARAH OF IMAM MEHDI (A) AFTER THE FAJR PRAYERS\r\n\r\nThe following form of ziyarah of our master the Patron of the Age is advisably said after every Fajr (dawn (fajr)) Prayer:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ بَلِّغْ مَوْلَايَ صَاحِبَ الزَّمَانِ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْهِ عَنْ جَمِيْعِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْمُؤْمِنَاتِ فِيْ مَشَارِقِ الْاَرْضِ وَ مَغَارِبِهَا وَ بَرِّهَا وَ بَحْرِهَا وَ سَهْلِهَا وَ جَبَلِهَا حَيِّهِمْ وَ مَيِّتِهِمْ وَ عَنْ وَالِدَيَّ وَ وُلْدِيْ وَ عَنِّيْ مِنَ الصَّلَوَاتِ وَ التَّحِيَّاتِ زِنَةَ عَرْشِ اللّٰهِ وَ مِدَادَ كَلِمَاتِهِ وَ مُنْتَهٰى رِضَاهُ وَ عَدَدَ مَاۤ اَحْصَاهُ كِتَابُهُ وَ اَحَاطَ بِهِ عِلْمُهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيۤ اُجَدِّدُ لَهُ فِيْ هٰذَا الْيَوْمِ وَ فِيْ كُلِّ يَوْمٍ عَهْدًا وَ عَقْدًا وَ بَيْعَةً فِي رَقَبَتِيْ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ كَمَا شَرَّفْتَنِيْ بِهٰذَا التَّشْرِيْفِ وَ فَضَّلْتَنِيْ بِهٰذِهِ الْفَضِيْلَةِ وَ خَصَصْتَنِيْ بِهٰذِهِ النِّعْمَةِ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مَوْلَايَ وَ سَيِّدِيْ صَاحِبِ الزَّمَانِ وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ مِنْ اَنْصَارِهِ وَ اَشْيَاعِهِ وَ الذَّآبِّيْنَ عَنْهُ وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ مِنَ الْمُسْتَشْهَدِيْنَ بَيْنَ يَدَيْهِ طَاۤئِعًا غَيْرَ مُكْرَهٍ فِي الصَّفِّ الَّذِيْ نَعَتَّ اَهْلَهُ فِيْ كِتَابِكَ فَقُلْتَ صَفًّا كَاَنَّهُمْ بُنْيَانٌ مَرْصُوْصٌ عَلٰى طَاعَتِكَ وَ طَاعَةِ رَسُوْلِكَ وَ اٰلِهِ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ اَللّٰهُمَّ هٰذِهِ بَيْعَةٌ لَهُ فِي عُنُقِيۤ اِلٰى يَوْمِ الْقِيَامَةِ--In his book of Bihar al-Anwar, ‘Allamah al-Majlisi has said the following: In some ancient books, I found the following instruction mentioned after this form of ziyarah: “You may then slap your right hand on the left as if you are swearing allegiance.”\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that in the previously mentioned rites at the Holy Vault, I have referred to four forms of ziyarah. This one is considered the fifth form mentioned in this book. In the first section (i.e. volume) of this book, I have also mentioned another form of ziyarah of Imam al-Mahdi (‘a) in Chapter Five: Forms of Ziyarah of the Holy Infallibles on the Days of the Week; Ziyarah on Fridays (pp. 203 of Vol. 1).", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The following form of ziyarah of our master the Patron of the Age is advisably said after every Fajr (dawn) Prayer:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please) convey to my master the Patron of the Age, Allah’s blessings be upon him, on behalf of all the believing men and women in the east and west sides of the earth, in its lands and oceans, in its plains and mountains, and both the alive and the dead, and on behalf of my parents, my descendants, and me, (convey to him) such blessings and greetings that are as heavy as the measure of the Throne of Allah, as much as the ink of His words, as endless as His pleasure, and as many as all that which has been calculated by His Books and comprehended by His knowledge. O Allah, I update to him on this day and on all days a pledge, a covenant, and an allegiance to which I commit up to my neck. O Allah, just as You have endued me with this honor, conferred upon me this virtue, and granted me exclusively this bounty, so also (please) send blessings upon my master and chief, the patron of the age, and make me of his supporters, adherents, and defenders, and make me of those who will be martyred in his presence, with full willingness and without compulsion, in the line whose people have been described in Your Book where You say, one line as if they were a firm and compact wall,” and with obedience to You and obedience to Your Messenger and his Household, peace be upon them. O Allah, this is my allegiance to him that is involved in my neck up to the Resurrection Day.\r\n\r\nIn his book of Bihar alAnwar, ‘Aliamah alMajlisi has said the following: In some ancient books, I found the following instruction mentioned after this form of ziyarah: “You may then slap your right hand on the left as if you are swearing allegiance.”\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that in the previously mentioned rites at the Holy Vault, I have referred to four forms of ziyarah. This one is considered the fifth form mentioned in this book. In the first section (i.e. volume) of this book, I have also mentioned another form of ziyarah of Imam alMahdi (‘a) in Chapter Five: Forms of Ziyarah of the Holy Infallibles on the Days of the Week; Ziyarah on Fridays (pp. 203 of Vol. 1)."
}