{
    "content": "Shaykh al-Tusi has reported through a considerable chain of authority that Imam al-Hasan al-’Askari (‘a) said, “My grave will be in Surra-man-Ra’a (currently Samarra’). It will be shelter for the people of the two parties.” Explaining this saying, Shaykh al-Majlisi says that ‘people of the two parties’ means the Shi’ah and the Sunnah. This means that the virtue of the Imam (‘a) includes both his adherents and his enemies. Similarly, the holy tomb of Imam al-Kazim and Imam al-Jawad is shelter for the people of Baghdad.\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus says that once you intend to visit the holy tomb of Imam al-Hasan al-’Askari (‘a), you may do all the prefatory acts of visiting Imam ‘Ali al-Hadi (‘a), as previously cited.\r\n\r\nYou may then stop at the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْحَسَنَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْهَادِيَ الْمُهْتَدِيَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ اَوْلِيَاۤئِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ حُجَجِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ اَصْفِيَاۤئِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَلِيْفَةَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ خُلَفَاۤئِهِ وَ اَبَا خَلِيْفَتِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْهَادِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْاَوْصِيَاۤءِ الرَّاشِدِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عِصْمَةَ الْمُتَّقِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اِمَامَ الْفَاۤئِزِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا رُكْنَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا فَرَجَ الْمَلْهُوْفِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ الْاَنْبِيَاۤءِ الْمُنْتَجَبِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَازِنَ عِلْمِ وَصِيِّ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الدَّاعِيْ بِحُكْمِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا النَّاطِقُ بِكِتَابِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ الْحُجَجِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا هَادِيَ الْاُمَمِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ النِّعَمِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَيْبَةَ الْعِلْمِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَفِيْنَةَ الْحِلْمِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَبَا الْاِمَامِ الْمُنْتَظَرِ الظَّاهِرَةِ لِلْعَاقِلِ حُجَّتُهُ وَ الثَّابِتَةِ فِي الْيَقِيْنِ مَعْرِفَتُهُ الْمُحْتَجَبِ عَنْ اَعْيُنِ الظَّالِمِيْنَ وَ الْمُغَيَّبِ عَنْ دَوْلَةِ الْفَاسِقِيْنَ وَ الْمُعِيْدِ رَبُّنَا بِهِ الْاِسْلَامَ جَدِيْدًا بَعْدَ الْاِنْطِمَاسِ، وَ الْقُرْاٰنَ غَضًّا بَعْدَ الْاِنْدِرَاسِ اَشْهَدُ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَنَّكَ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ دَعَوْتَ اِلٰى سَبِيْلِ رَبِّكَ بِالْحِكْمَةِ وَ الْمَوْعِظَةِ الْحَسَنَةِ وَ عَبَدْتَ اللّٰهَ مُخْلِصًا حَتّٰىۤ اَتَاكَ الْيَقِيْنُ اَسْاَلُ اللّٰهَ بِالشَّأْنِ الَّذِيْ لَكُمْ عِنْدَهُ اَنْ يَتَقَبَّلَ زِيَارَتِيْ لَكُمْ وَ يَشْكُرَ سَعْيِيۤ اِلَيْكُمْ وَ يَسْتَجِيْبَ دُعَاۤئِيْ بِكُمْ وَ يَجْعَلَنِيْ مِنْ اَنْصَارِ الْحَقِّ وَ اَتْبَاعِهِ وَ اَشْيَاعِهِ وَ مَوَالِيْهِ وَ مُحِبِّيْهِ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then kiss the tomb, place your right and then left cheeks on it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى سَيِّدِنَا مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ وَ صَلِّ عَلَى الْحَسَنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْهَادِيۤ اِلٰى دِيْنِكَ وَ الدَّاعِيۤ اِلٰى سَبِيْلِكَ عَلَمِ الْهُدٰى وَ مَنَارِ التُّقٰى وَ مَعْدِنِ الْحِجٰى وَ مَأْوَى النُّهٰى وَ غَيْثِ الْوَرٰى وَ سَحَابِ الْحِكْمَةِ وَ بَحْرِ الْمَوْعِظَةِ وَ وَارِثِ الْاَئِمَّةِ وَ الشَّهِيْدِ عَلَى الْاُمَّةِ الْمَعْصُوْمِ الْمُهَذَّبِ وَ الْفَاضِلِ الْمُقَرَّبِ وَ الْمُطَهَّرِ مِنَ الرِّجْسِ الَّذِيْ وَرَّثْتَهُ عِلْمَ الْكِتَابِ وَ اَلْهَمْتَهُ فَصْلَ الْخِطَابِ وَ نَصَبْتَهُ عَلَمًا لِاَهْلِ قِبْلَتِكَ وَ قَرَنْتَ طَاعَتَهُ بِطَاعَتِكَ وَ فَرَضْتَ مَوَدَّتَهُ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ خَلِيْقَتِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَكَمَاۤ اَنَابَ بِحُسْنِ الْاِخْلَاصِ فِي تَوْحِيْدِكَ وَ اَرْدٰى مَنْ خَاضَ فِيْ تَشْبِيْهِكَ وَ حَامٰى عَنْ اَهْلِ الْاِيْمَانِ بِكَ فَصَلِّ يَا رَبِّ عَلَيْهِ صَلَاةً يَلْحَقُ بِهَا مَحَلَّ الْخَاشِعِيْنَ وَ يَعْلُوْ فِي الْجَنَّةِ بِدَرَجَةِ جَدِّهِ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ بَلِّغْهُ مِنَّا تَحِيَّةً وَ سَلَامًا وَ اٰتِنَا مِنْ لَدُنْكَ فِيْ مُوَالَاتِهِ فَضْلًا وَ اِحْسَانًا وَ مَغْفِرَةً وَ رِضْوَانًا اِنَّكَ ذُوْ فَضْلٍ عَظِيْمٍ وَ مَنٍّ جَسِيْمٍ۔--You may then offer the two-unit prayer of ziyarah. When you accomplish, you may say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--يَا دَاۤئِمُ يَا دَيْمُوْمُ [يَا دَيُّوْمُ‏] يَا حَيُّ يَا قَيُّوْمُ يَا كَاشِفَ الْكَرْبِ وَ الْهَمِّ وَ يَا فَارِجَ الْغَمِّ وَ يَا بَاعِثَ الرُّسُلِ وَ يَا صَادِقَ الْوَعْدِ وَ يَا حَيُّ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلَيْكَ بِحَبِيْبِكَ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ وَصِيِّهِ عَلِيٍّ ابْنِ عَمِّهِ وَ صِهْرِهِ عَلَى ابْنَتِهِ الَّذِيْ [اللَّذَيْنِ‏] خَتَمْتَ بِهِمَا الشَّرَایِعَ وَ فَتَحْتَ [بِهِمَا] التَّأْوِيْلَ وَ الطَّلَاۤئِعَ فَصَلِّ عَلَيْهِمَا صَلٰوةً يَشْهَدُ بِهَا الْاَوَّلُوْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرُوْنَ وَ يَنْجُوْ بِهَا الْاَوْلِيَاۤءُ وَ الصَّالِحُوْنَ وَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلَيْكَ بِفَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ وَالِدَةِ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْمَهْدِيِّيْنَ وَ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ الْمُشَفَّعَةِ فِيْ شِيْعَةِ اَوْلَادِهَا الطَّيِّبِيْنَ فَصَلِّ عَلَيْهَا صَلَاةً دَاۤئِمَةً اَبَدَ الْاٰبِدِيْنَ وَ دَهْرَ الدَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلَيْكَ بِالْحَسَنِ الرَّضِيِّ الطَّاهِرِ الزَّكِيِّ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ الْمَظْلُوْمِ الْمَرْضِيِّ الْبَرِّ التَّقِيِّ سَيِّدَيْ شَبَابِ اَهْلِ الْجَنَّةِ، الْاِمَامَيْنِ الْخَيِّرَيْنِ الطَّيِّبَيْنِ التَّقِيَّيْنِ النَّقِيَّيْنِ الطَّاهِرَيْنِ الشَّهِيْدَيْنِ الْمَظْلُوْمَيْنِ الْمَقْتُوْلَيْنِ فَصَلِّ عَلَيْهِمَا مَا طَلَعَتْ شَمْسٌ وَ مَا غَرَبَتْ صَلٰوةً مُتَوَالِيَةً مُتَتَالِيَةً وَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلَيْكَ بِعَلِيِّ بْنِ الْحُسَيْنِ سَيِّدِ الْعَابِدِيْنَ الْمَحْجُوْبِ مِنْ خَوْفِ الظَّالِمِيْنَ وَ بِمُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْبَاقِرِ الطَّاهِرِ النُّوْرِ الزَّاهِرِ الْاِمَامَيْنِ السَّيِّدَيْنِ مِفْتَاحَيِ الْبَرَكَاتِ وَ مِصْبَاحَيِ الظُّلُمَاتِ فَصَلِّ عَلَيْهِمَا مَا سَرٰى لَيْلٌ وَ مَا اَضَاۤءَ نَهَارٌ صَلٰوةً تَغْدُوْ وَ تَرُوْحُ وَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلَيْكَ بِجَعْفَرِ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ الصَّادِقِ عَنِ اللّٰهِ وَ النَّاطِقِ فِيْ عِلْمِ اللّٰهِ وَ بِمُوْسَى بْنِ جَعْفَرٍ الْعَبْدِ الصَّالِحِ فِيْ نَفْسِهِ وَ الْوَصِيِّ النَّاصِحِ الْاِمَامَيْنِ الْهَادِيَيْنِ الْمَهْدِيَّيْنِ الْوَافِيَيْنِ الْكَافِيَيْنِ فَصَلِّ عَلَيْهِمَا مَا سَبَّحَ لَكَ مَلَكٌ وَ تَحَرَّكَ لَكَ فَلَكٌ، صَلٰوةً تُنْمٰى وَ تَزِيْدُ وَ لَا تَفْنٰى وَ لَا تَبِيْدُ وَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلَيْكَ بِعَلِيِّ بْنِ مُوْسَى الرِّضَا وَ بِمُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْمُرْتَضَى الْاِمَامَيْنِ الْمُطَهَّرَيْنِ الْمُنْتَجَبَيْنِ فَصَلِّ عَلَيْهِمَا مَا اَضَاۤءَ صُبْحٌ وَ دَامَ صَلٰوةً تُرَقِّيْهِمَا اِلٰى رِضْوَانِكَ فِي الْعِلِّيِّيْنَ مِنْ جِنَانِكَ وَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلَيْكَ بِعَلِيِّ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلرَّاشِدِ وَ الْحَسَنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْهَادِي الْقَاۤئِمَيْنِ بِاَمْرِ عِبَادِكَ الْمُخْتَبَرَيْنِ بِالْمِحَنِ الْهَاۤئِلَةِ وَ الصَّابِرَيْنِ فِي الْاِحَنِ الْمَاۤئِلَةِ فَصَلِّ عَلَيْهِمَا كِفَاۤءَ اَجْرِ الصَّابِرِيْنَ وَ اِزَاۤءَ ثَوَابِ الْفَاۤئِزِيْنَ صَلَاةً تُمَهِّدُ لَهُمَا الرِّفْعَةَ وَ اَتَوَسَّلُ اِلَيْكَ يَا رَبِّ بِاِمَامِنَا وَ مُحَقِّقِ زَمَانِنَا الْيَوْمِ الْمَوْعُوْدِ وَ الشَّاهِدِ الْمَشْهُوْدِ وَ النُّوْرِ الْاَزْهَرِ وَ الضِّيَاۤءِ الْاَنْوَرِ الْمَنْصُوْرِ بِالرُّعْبِ وَ الْمُظَفَّرِ بِالسَّعَادَةِ فَصَلِّ عَلَيْهِ عَدَدَ الثَّمَرِ وَ اَوْرَاقِ الشَّجَرِ وَ اَجْزَاۤءِ الْمَدَرِ وَ عَدَدَ الشَّعْرِ وَ الْوَبَرِ وَ عَدَدَ مَاۤ اَحَاطَ بِهِ عِلْمُكَ وَ اَحْصَاهُ كِتَابُكَ صَلٰوةً يَغْبِطُهُ بِهَا الْاَوَّلُوْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرُوْنَ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ احْشُرْنَا فِي زُمْرَتِهِ وَ احْفَظْنَا عَلٰى طَاعَتِهِ وَ احْرُسْنَا بِدَوْلَتِهِ وَ اَتْحِفْنَا بِوِلَايَتِهِ وَ انْصُرْنَا عَلٰىۤ اَعْدَاۤئِنَا بِعِزَّتِهِ وَ اجْعَلْنَا يَا رَبِّ مِنَ التَّوَّابِيْنَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اِنَّ اِبْلِيْسَ الْمُتَمَرِّدَ اللَّعِيْنَ قَدِ اسْتَنْظَرَكَ لِاِغْوَاۤءِ خَلْقِكَ فَاَنْظَرْتَهُ وَ اسْتَمْهَلَكَ لِاِضْلَالِ عَبِيْدِكَ فَاَمْهَلْتَهُ بِسَابِقِ عِلْمِكَ فِيْهِ وَ قَدْ عَشَّشَ وَ كَثُرَتْ جُنُوْدُهُ وَ ازْدَحَمَتْ جُيُوْشُهُ وَ انْتَشَرَتْ دُعَاتُهُ فِيۤ اَقْطَارِ الْاَرْضِ فَاَضَلُّوْا عِبَادَكَ وَ اَفْسَدُوْا دِيْنَكَ وَ حَرَّفُوا الْكَلِمَ عَنْ مَوَاضِعِهِ وَ جَعَلُوْا عِبَادَكَ شِيَعًا مُتَفَرِّقِيْنَ وَ اَحْزَابًا مُتَمَرِّدِيْنَ وَ قَدْ وَعَدْتَ نَقْضَ بُنْيَانِهِ وَ تَمْزِيْقَ شَأْنِهِ فَاَهْلِكْ اَوْلَادَهُ وَ جُيُوْشَهُ وَ طَهِّرْ بِلَادَكَ مِنِ اخْتِرَاعَاتِهِ وَ اخْتِلَافَاتِهِ وَ اَرِحْ عِبَادَكَ مِنْ مَذَاهِبِهِ وَ قِيَاسَاتِهِ، وَ اجْعَلْ دَاۤئِرَةَ السُّوۤءِ عَلَيْهِمْ وَ ابْسُطْ عَدْلَكَ وَ اَظْهِرْ دِيْنَكَ وَ قَوِّ اَوْلِيَاۤءَكَ وَ اَوْهِنْ اَعْدَاۤءَكَ وَ اَوْرِثْ دِيَارَ اِبْلِيْسَ وَ دِيَارَ اَوْلِيَاۤئِهِ اَوْلِيَاۤءَكَ وَ خَلِّدْهُمْ فِي الْجَحِيْمِ وَ اَذِقْهُمْ مِنَ الْعَذَابِ الْاَلِيْمِ وَ اجْعَلْ لَعَاۤئِنَكَ الْمُسْتَوْدَعَةَ فِيْ مَنَاحِسِ [مَنَاحِيْسِ‏] الْخِلْقَةِ وَ مَشَاوِيْهِ الْفِطْرَةِ دَاۤئِرَةً عَلَيْهِمْ وَ مُوَكَّلَةً بِهِمْ وَ جَارِيَةً فِيْهِمْ كُلَّ صَبَاحٍ وَ مَسَاۤءٍ وَ غُدُوٍّ وَ رَوَاحٍ رَبَّنَا اٰتِنَا فِي الدُّنْيَا حَسَنَةً وَ فِي الْاٰخِرَةِ حَسَنَةً وَ قِنَا بِرَحْمَتِكَ عَذَابَ النَّارِ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may then pray the Almighty for anything you like for yourself and your brethren-in-faith.", 
    "audio": "http://www.ya-mahdi.net/apps_audio/z_askari.mp3", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Shaykh alTusi has reported through a considerable chain of authority that Imam alHasan al’Askari (‘a) said, “My grave will be in SurramanRa’a (currently Samarra’). It will be shelter for the people of the two parties.” Explaining this saying, Shaykh alMajlisi says that ‘people of the two parties’ means the Shi’ah and the Sunnah. This means that the virtue of the Imam (‘a) includes both his adherents and his enemies. Similarly, the holy tomb of Imam alKazim and Imam alJawad is shelter for the people of Baghdad.\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus says that once you intend to visit the holy tomb of Imam alHasan al’Askari (‘a), you may do all the prefatory acts of visiting Imam ‘Ali alHadi (‘a), as previously cited.\r\n\r\nYou may then stop at the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O my Master Abu-Muhammad al-Hasan the son of ‘Ali, the guide and well-guided. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s intimate servant and son of Allah’s intimate servants. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s decisive Argument and son of Allah’s decisive Arguments. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s elite and son of Allah’s elite ones. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s representative, son of Allah’s representatives, and father of His representative. Peace be upon you, O son of the Seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O son of the chief of the Prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O son of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O son of the doyenne of all women of the world. Peace be upon you, O son of the guiding leaders. Peace be upon you, O son of the orthodox successors (of the Prophets.) Peace be upon you, O shelter of the pious ones. Peace be upon you, O leader of the winning party. Peace be upon you, O haven of the (true) believers. Peace be upon you, O relief of the aggrieved ones. Peace be upon you, O heir of the Prophets; the choice ones. Peace be upon you, O keeper of the knowledge of the successor of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O he who invites to the Judgement of Allah. Peace be upon you, O he who speaks with the Book of Allah. Peace be upon you, O prime Argument of all the arguments (of Allah.) Peace be upon you, O guide of all nations. Peace be upon you, O source of all bounties. Peace be upon you, O store of knowledge. Peace be upon you, O ark of forbearance. Peace be upon you, O father of the Awaited Imam: whose claim is evident for the rational people, whose recognition is fixed in the most certain things, whom is concealed against the eyes of the oppressors, whom is hidden from the regimes of the faithless authorities, and through whom our Lord shall recover Islam over again after it will be effaced and.He shall recover the Qur'an fresh over again after it will be eradicated. O master, I bear witness that you performed the prayers, defrayed the poor-rate, enjoined the right, forbade the wrong, called to the way of your Lord with wisdom and goodly exhortation, and worshipped Allah sincerely until death came upon you. I thus beseech Allah in the name of the rank that you enjoy with Him to accept my visit to you, receive my efforts with gratitude, respond to my prayers through you, and include me with the supporters of the truth, its followers, its adherents, its devotees, and its lovers. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the tomb, place your right and then left cheeks on it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) send blessings upon our master Muhammad and his Household and send blessings upon al-Hasan the son of ‘Ali who guides to Your religion and calls to Your way, who is the sign of true guidance, the lantern of true Piety, the essence of rationality, the resource of reason, the raining cloud over mankind, the cloud of wisdom, the ocean of admonition, the heir of the Imams, the witness over the (Muslim) community, the sinless, the well- mannered, the virtuous, the favorable (by Allah), the purified against filth, and the one whom You have given the knowledge of the (Holy) Book in inheritance, You have inspired with clear Judgement, You have appointed as the leading sign for those who follow the direction You have decided, You have decided the obedience to him to be attached to the obedience to You, and You have imposed the love for him upon all Your creatures. O Allah, as he always turned to You with excellent sincerity in Your Oneness, argued and defeated those who anthropomorphized You, and defended those who faithfully believed in You; so, O my Lord, (please) pour down on him Your blessings due to which he joins the rank of those who behave humbly toward You and due to which he surmounts in Paradise to the rank of his forefather the Seal of the Prophets. And (please do) convey to him greetings and compliments from us, grant us from You, on account of our loyalty to him, favor and benevolence and also grant us forgiveness and gratification, for You are most certainly the Lord of enormous favor and huge bliss.\r\n\r\nYou may then offer the twounit prayer of ziyarah. When you accomplish, you may say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO All-eternal Lord! O All-everlasting! O Ever-living! O All-subsisting! O Reliever of agonies and grief! O Soother of anguishes! O Appointer of Messengers! O Truthful to what You promise! O Ever-living! there is no deity save You. I beg You in the name of Your dear one Muhammad and in the name of his successor ‘Ali his cousin and the husband of his daughter, through both of whom You have sealed Your laws and opened the interpretation and Your pioneering ordains. So, (please do) send upon both of them blessings that are witnessed by the ancient and the coming generations and by which the intimate servants and the righteous ones are saved. I also beg You in the name of Fatimah the Luminous, the mother of the well-guided Imams, and the Doyenne of the women of the worlds, who shall be allowed to intercede for the adherents of her immaculate descendants. So, (please do) send upon her blessings that are as endless as ages and as endless as times. I also beg You in the name of al-Hasanthe pleased, the infallible, and the pure, and in the name of al-Husayn the oppressed, the pleased, the pious, and the righteous; (they both are) the masters of the youth of Paradise, the two Imams who are virtuous, infallible, pious, pure, immaculate, martyred, oppressed, and slain. So, (please do) send upon them blessings whenever the sun rises and sets; blessings that are consecutive and successive. I also beg You in the name of ‘Ali the son of al-Husayn the chief of the worshippers and the concealed for fear of the oppressors, and in the name of Muhammad the son of ‘Ali, the splitter of knowledge, the pure, the glowing light. (They both are) the two Imams and masters, the keys to blessings, and the lanterns in the murk. So, (please) send blessings upon them whenever night comes and whenever daylight rises; such blessings that are ceaseless. I also beg You in the name of Ja'far the son of Muhammad, the truthful in what he conveys from Allah and the spokesman of Allah’s knowledge and in the name of Musa the son of Ja'far, the self-righteous servant (of Allah) and the well-whishing successor (of the Prophet); (they both are) the two guiding and well-guided Imams and the two adequate and saving Imams. So, (please) send upon them blessings whenever an angel glorifies You and whenever a planet moves; such blessings that are increasable and growing and neither ending nor stopping. I also beg You in the name of ‘Ali the son of Musa the well-pleased and in the name of Muhammad the son of 'AH the well- contented; the two purified and divinely selected Imams. So, (please) send upon them blessings whenever morning glows and endures with such blessings that take them up to the rank of Your pleasure in the highest level of the gardens of Your Paradise. I also beg You in the name of ‘Ali the son of Muhammad the rightly-directing and in the name of al-Hasan the son of ‘Ali the guide; the two Imams who supervise the affairs of Your servants, whom are tested by unbearable ordeals, and who acted patiently against the swerving enmities. So, (please do) send upon them blessings that are suitable to the reward of the enduring people and worth being the prize of the winners; such blessings that pave for them the way to exaltation. I also beg You, O Lord, in the name of our Imam the rising in our ages, the promised day, the witnessed observer, the luminous light, the bright illumination, the supported by means of horror, and the triumphant with happiness. So, (please) send upon him blessings that are as many as the numbers of fruits, the leaves of trees, the townspeople, the hairs of people and animals, and all things that Your knowledge encompasses and You Book counts; such blessings due to which all the ancient and the last generations wish to have their like. O Allah, (please do) include us with his group, make us keep on obeying him, guard us through his state, confer upon us with the loyalty to him, give us victory over our enemies as a result of his power, and include us, O Lord, with those who turn to You constantly. O most merciful of all those who show mercy! O Allah, Iblis the rebel and accursed asked You to grant him respite so that he would mislead Your creatures; and You granted him so. He asked You to reprieve him so that he would misguide Your servants, and You reprieved him. This is because You had already known about him. He thus nested and gave birth to many hosts. So, his armies have been overcrowding, his propagandists have widespread in all the corners of this earth, they have mislead Your servants, deformed Your religion, displaced the words from their right places, and made Your servants diverse revelries and rebellious parties. You promised that You would demolish his (i.e. Iblis) edifice and tear out his matters. So, (please do) deaden his sons and armies, purify Your lands from his inventions and fabrications, relieve Your servants from his factions and analogies, make the disaster of evil surround them, extend Your justice, give victory to Your religion, give strength to Your intimate servants, weaken Your enemies, make Your intimate servants inherit the lands of Iblis and these of his fans, make the fans of Iblis stay forever in the blazing Fire, make them taste the painful torment, and make the curses of You that are kept in the evil part of the creation and in the deformed part of the nature surround them forever, control over them, and strike them every morning and evening and every moment of coming and going. O Our Lord, (please do) grant us goodness in this world and goodness in the world to come and save us, out of Your mercy, from the torment of Fire. O most merciful of all those who show mercy.\r\n\r\nYou may then pray the Almighty for anything you like for yourself and your brethreninfaith."
}