{
    "content": "Zayd al-Shahham is reported to have asked Imam al-Sadiq (‘a), “What is the reward of one who visits one of you (i.e. the Ahl al-Bayt)?”\r\n\r\nThe Imam (‘a) answered, “One will gain the reward of visiting the Messenger of Allah.”\r\n\r\nAs has been previously cited, Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) is reported to have said, “One who offers a four-unit prayer at the tomb of an obligatorily obeyed Imam, shall have the reward of one time of hajj and one time of ‘umrah.”\r\n\r\nIn my book of Hadiyyat al-Za’irin, I have mentioned the virtues and excellencies of Lady Hakimah the daughter of Imam Muhammad al-Taqi, peace be upon them.\r\n\r\nThe holy tomb of this lady lies behind the side of the two Imams’ feet and is attached to their tombs.\r\n\r\nI have also mentioned (in that book) that books on forms of ziyarah have not defined any formula to this honorable lady, although she enjoys a sublime status. Hence, it is required to visit this lady with the general forms of ziyarah that are dedicated to the Holy Imams’ descendants or the ziyarah formula of her noble paternal aunt, Lady Fatimah al-Ma’sumah the daughter of Imam Musa al-Kazim.\r\n\r\nHence, a visitor may direct towards the kiblah direction and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اٰدَمَ صَفْوَةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى نُوْحٍ نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰىۤ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ خَلِيْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُوْسٰى كَلِيْمِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى عِيْسٰى رُوْحِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَيْرَ خَلْقِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ خَاتَمَ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيَّ بْنَ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ وَصِيَّ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا فَاطِمَةُ سَيِّدَةَ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمَا يَا سِبْطَيِ الرَّحْمَةِ وَ سَيِّدَيْ شَبَابِ اَهْلِ الْجَنَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلِيَّ بْنَ الْحُسَيْنِ سَيِّدَ الْعَابِدِيْنَ وَ قُرَّةَ عَيْنِ النَّاظِرِيْنَ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ بَاقِرَ الْعِلْمِ بَعْدَ النَّبِيِّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا جَعْفَرَ بْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلصَّادِقَ الْبَآرَّ الْاَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُوْسَى بْنَ جَعْفَرٍ ۟اِلطَّاهِرَ الطُّهْرَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلِيَّ بْنَ مُوْسَى الرِّضَا الْمُرْتَضٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُحَمَّدَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلتَّقِيَّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلِيَّ بْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلنَّقِيَّ النَّاصِحَ الْاَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَسَنَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْوَصِيِّ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى نُوْرِكَ وَ سِرَاجِكَ وَ وَلِيِّ وَلِيِّكَ وَ وَصِيِّ وَصِيِّكَ وَ حُجَّتِكَ عَلٰى خَلْقِكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ رَسُولِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ فَاطِمَةَ وَ خَدِيْجَةَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ وَلِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا اُخْتَ وَلِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا عَمَّةَ وَلِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلتَّقِيِّ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ عَرَّفَ اللّٰهُ بَيْنَنَا وَ بَيْنَكُمْ فِي الْجَنَّةِ وَ حَشَرَنَا فِيْ زُمْرَتِكُمْ وَ اَوْرَدَنَا حَوْضَ نَبِيِّكُمْ وَ سَقَانَا بِكَأْسِ جَدِّكُمْ مِنْ يَدِ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْكُمْ اَسْاَلُ اللّٰهَ اَنْ يُرِيَنَا فِيْكُمُ السُّرُوْرَ وَ الْفَرَجَ وَ اَنْ يَجْمَعَنَا وَ اِيَّاكُمْ فِيْ زُمْرَةِ جَدِّكُمْ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اَنْ لَا يَسْلُبَنَا مَعْرِفَتَكُمْ اِنَّهُ وَلِيٌّ قَدِيْرٌ اَتَقَرَّبُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ بِحُبِّكُمْ وَ الْبَرَاۤءَةِ مِنْ اَعْدَاۤئِكُمْ وَ التَّسْلِيْمِ اِلَى اللّٰهِ رَاضِيًا بِهِ غَيْرَ مُنْكِرٍ وَ لَا مُسْتَكْبِرٍ وَ عَلٰى يَقِيْنِ مَاۤ اَتٰى بِهِ مُحَمَّدٌ وَ بِهِ رَاضٍ نَطْلُبُ بِذٰلِكَ وَجْهَكَ يَا سَيِّدِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ رِضَاكَ وَ الدَّارَ الْاٰخِرَةَ يَا حَكِيْمَةُ اشْفَعِيْ لِيْ فِيْ الْجَنَّةِ فَاِنَّ لَكِ عِنْدَ اللّٰهِ شَأْنًا مِنَ الشَّأْنِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيۤ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تَخْتِمَ لِيْ بِالسَّعَادَةِ فَلَا تَسْلُبَ مِنِّيْ مَا اَنَا فِيْهِ وَ لَا حَوْلَ وَ لَا قُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللّٰهِ الْعَلِيِّ الْعَظِيْمِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اسْتَجِبْ لَنَا وَ تَقَبَّلْهُ بِكَرَمِكَ وَ عِزَّتِكَ وَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ وَ عَافِيَتِكَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ وَ سَلَّمَ تَسْلِيْمًا يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Zayd alShahham is reported to have asked Imam alSadiq (‘a), “What is the reward of one who visits one of you (i.e. the Ahl alBayt)?”\r\n\r\nThe Imam (‘a) answered, “One will gain the reward of visiting the Messenger of Allah.”\r\n\r\nAs has been previously cited, Imam alSadiq (‘a) is reported to have said, “One who offers a fourunit prayer at the tomb of an obligatorily obeyed Imam, shall have the reward of one time of hajj and one time of ‘umrah.”\r\n\r\nIn my book of Hadiyyat alZa’irin, I have mentioned the virtues and excellencies of Lady Hakimah the daughter of Imam Muhammad alTaqi, peace be upon them.\r\n\r\nThe holy tomb of this lady lies behind the side of the two Imams’ feet and is attached to their tombs.\r\n\r\nI have also mentioned (in that book) that books on forms of ziyarah have not defined any formula to this honorable lady, although she enjoys a sublime status. Hence, it is required to visit this lady with the general forms of ziyarah that are dedicated to the Holy Imams’ descendants or the ziyarah formula of her noble paternal aunt, Lady Fatimah alMa’sumah the daughter of Imam Musa alKazim.\r\n\r\nHence, a visitor may direct towards the kiblah direction and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon Adam the choice of Allah. Peace be upon Noah the prophet of Allah. Peace be upon Abraham the friend of Allah. Peace be upon Moses the spoken by Allah. Peace be upon Jesus the spirit of Allah. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s best creature. Peace be upon you, O elite of Allah. Peace be upon you, O Muhammad the son of 'Abdullah and the seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O Commander of the Faithful ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib and the successor of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O Fatimah the doyenne of the women of the worlds. Peace be upon both of you, O grandsons of the Mercy and two chiefs of the youth of Paradise. Peace be upon you, O ‘Ali the son of al-Husayn the chief of the worshippers, and the delight of the eye of all seers. Peace be upon you, O Muhammad the son of ‘Ali and the splitter of knowledge after the Prophet. Peace be upon you, O Ja'far the son of Muhammad, the veracious, dutiful, and honest. Peace be upon you, O Musa the son of Ja'far the immaculate and ever-pure. Peace be upon you, O ‘Ali the son of Musa the well-pleased and well-contented. Peace be upon you, O Muhammad the son of ‘Ali the pious. Peace be upon you, O ‘Ali the son of Muhammad the immaculate, sincere, and honest. Peace be upon you, O Hasan son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon the next successor. O Allah, send blessings upon Your light, Your lantern, the representative of Your representative, the successor of Your successor, and the argument of You against Your creatures. Peace be upon you, O daughter of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O daughter of Fatimah and Khadijah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O daughter of al-Hasan and al-Husayn. Peace be upon you, O daughter of Allah’s representative. Peace be upon you, O sister of Allah’s representative. Peace be upon you, O paternal aunt of Allah’s representative. Peace be upon you, O daughter of Muhammad the son of ‘Ali the pious. Allah’s mercy and blessings, too, be upon you. Peace be upon you. May Allah introduce us to you all in Paradise, may He include us with your group, and may He allow us to approach the pond of Your Prophet and serve us with water from the cup of your grandfather and from the hand of ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib. Allah’s blessings be upon you all. I beseech Allah to show us delight and relief through you, to join us with you in the group of your grandfather Muhammad, Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, and never to deprive us of our recognition of you. Verily, He is Guardian and All-powerful. I seek nearness to Allah through (my) love for you, repudiation of your enemies, and submission to Allah, accepting Him without denial or arrogance, being fully certain of what Muhammad has brought and showing full satisfaction with it. We, through this, only seek Your Face, O my Master Allah and Your satisfaction as well as the Next Abode. O Haldmah, (please) intercede for me to win Paradise, for you enjoy an outstanding status with Allah. O Allah, I do beseech You to seal my life with happiness; so, (please) do not deprive me of that which I enjoy. There is neither might nor power except with Allah the All-high and All-great. O Allah, (please) respond to us, accept this from us in the name of Your generosity, almightiness, mercy, and bestowal of wellbeing. May Allah bless Muhammad and his entire Household and pour down peace on them, O most merciful of all those who show mercy."
}