{
    "content": "In fact, my great desire to visit these holy places has prompted me, while I am deserted and depressed, to engage my mind with quoting several poetic verses, suitable for the occasion, from the famous poem of His Eminence Shaykh al-Azri - the most virtuous and the panegyrist of the Holy Prophet’s Household - may Allah be pleased with him. In this respect, it is reported that Shaykh Muhammad Hasan al-Jawahiri - the master of all jurisprudents, the seal of scholars, and the author of the famous book of Jawahir al-Kalam - used to say, “I wish that the reward of al-Azri’s famous poem would be mine and, instead, the reward of compiling my Jawahir al-Kalam would be his.”\r\n\r\nAt any rate, the following are several verses of the poem involved:\r\n\r\n--اِنَّ تِلْكَ الْقُلُوْبَ اَقْلَقَهَا الْوَجْدُ وَ اَدْمٰى تِلْكَ الْعُيُوْنَ بُكَاهَا كَانَ اَنْكَى الْخُطُوْبِ لَمْ يُبْكِ مِنِّيْ مُقْلَةً لٰكِنِ الْهَوٰى اَبْكَاهَا كُلَّ يَوْمٍ لِلْحَادِثَاتِ عَوَادٍ لَيْسَ يَقْوٰى رَضْوٰى عَلٰى مُلْتَقَاهَا كَيْفَ يُرْجَى الْخَلَاصُ مِنْهُنَّ اِلَّا بِذِمَامٍ مِنْ سَيِّدِ الرُّسُلِ طٰهٰ مَعْقِلُ الْخَاۤئِفِيْنَ مِنْ كُلِّ خَوْفٍ اَوْفَرُ الْعُرْبِ ذِمَّةً اَوْفَاهَا مَصْدَرُ الْعِلْمِ لَيْسَ اِلَّا لَدَيْهِ خَبَرُ الْكَاۤئِنَاتِ مِنْ مُبْتَدَاهَا فَاضَ لِلْخَلْقِ مِنْهُ عِلْمٌ وَ حِلْمٌ اَخَذَتْ مِنْهُمَا الْعُقُوْلُ نُهَاهَا نَوَّهَتْ بِاسْمِهِ السَّمَاوَاتُ وَ الْاَرْضُ كَمَا نَوَّهَتْ بِصُبْحٍ ذُكَاهَا وَ غَدَتْ تَنْشُرُ الْفَضَاۤئِلَ عَنْهُ كُلُّ قَوْمٍ عَلَى اخْتِلَافِ لُغُاهَا طَرِبَتِ لْاِسْمِهِ الثَّرٰى فَاسْتَطَالَتْ فَوْقَ عُلْوِيَّةِ السَّمَا سُفْلَاهَا جَازَ مِنْ جَوْهَرِ التَّقَدُّسِ ذَاتًا تَاهَتِ الْاَنْبِيَاۤءُ فِي مَعْنَاهَا لَا تُجِلْ فِيْ صِفَاتِ اَحْمَدَ فِكْرًا فَهِيَ الصُّوْرَةُ الَّتِيْ لَنْ تَرَاهَا اَيُّ خَلْقٍ لِلّٰهِ اَعْظَمُ مِنْهُ وَ هُوَ الْغَايَةُ الَّتِي اسْتَقْصَاهَا قَلَّبَ الْخَافِقَيْنِ ظَهْرًا لِبَطْنٍ فَرَاٰى ذَاتَ اَحْمَدٍ فَاجْتَبَاهَا لَسْتُ اَنْسٰى لَهُ مَنَازِلَ قُدْسٍ قَدْ بَنَاهَا التُّقٰى فَاَعْلٰى بِنَاهَا وَ رِجَالًا اَعِزَّةً فِيْ بُيُوْتٍ اَذِنَ اللّٰهُ اَنْ يُعَزَّ حِمَاهَا سَادَةٌ لَا تُرِيْدُ اِلَّا رِضَى اللّٰهِ كَمَا لَا يُرِيْدُ اِلَّا رِضَاهَا خَصَّهَا مِنْ كَمَالِهِ بِالْمَعَانِيْ وَ بِاَعْلٰۤى اَسْمَاۤئِهِ سَمَّاهَا لَمْ يَكُوْنُوْا لِلْعَرْشِ اِلَّا كُنُوْزًا خَافِيَاتٍ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ اَبْدَاهَا كَمْ لَهُمْ اَلْسُنٌ عَنِ اللّٰهِ تُنْبِيْ هِيَ اَقْلَامُ حِكْمَةٍ قَدْ بَرَاهَا وَ هُمُ الْاَعْيُنُ الصَّحِيْحَاتُ تَهْدِيْ كُلَّ عَيْنٍ مَكْفُوْفَةٍ عَيْنَاهَا عُلَمَاۤءُ اَئِمَّةٌ حُكَمَاۤءُ يَهْتَدِي النَّجْمُ بِاتِّبَاعِ هُدَاهَا قَادَةٌ عِلْمُهُمْ وَ رَأْيُ حِجَاهُمْ مُسْمَعَا كُلِّ حِكْمَةٍ مَنْظَرَاهَا مَاۤ اُبَالِيْ وَ لَوْ اُهِيْلَتْ عَلَى الْاَرْضِ السَّمَاوَاتُ بَعْدَ نَيْلِ وِلَاهَا", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "In fact, my great desire to visit these holy places has prompted me, while I am deserted and depressed, to engage my mind with quoting several poetic verses, suitable for the occasion, from the famous poem of His Eminence Shaykh al-Azri - the most virtuous and the panegyrist of the Holy Prophet’s Household - may Allah be pleased with him. In this respect, it is reported that Shaykh Muhammad Hasan al-Jawahiri - the master of all jurisprudents, the seal of scholars, and the author of the famous book of Jawahir al-Kalam - used to say, “I wish that the reward of al-Azri’s famous poem would be mine and, instead, the reward of compiling my Jawahir al-Kalam would be his.”\r\n\r\nAt any rate, the following are several verses of the poem involved:\r\n\r\nThose hearts are fazed by passion and those eyes are bled by weeping The most astounding mishaps had never made me weep; but love did! Everyday, misfortunes are repeated on us, even Mount Radwa cannot encounter them! Nothing can rescue from them except a pass from the Chief of Messengers, Taha He is the fortress for all the fearful and he is the most faithful and the most hones t Arab. He is the source of the entire knowledge. Since beginning, the news of all creatures are with him. Some of his knowledge and indulgence flew from him; so, the intellects took their sanity from these. The heavens and the earth spoke highly of his name as obviously as the sun declaring morning. Despite the variety of their languages, each people have been circulating virtues from him. As it became jubilant over mentioning his name, the lowest earth overtopped the highest sky. From the Essence of Holiness, he won a self, even the Prophets were perplexed Over its significance. Do not engage your mind with grasping Ahmad’s excellences, for they are the figure that you shall never understand. There is no creation of Allah greater than he is! He is the utmost purpose that He has intended. As He turned the east and the west upside down, Allah singled out the self of Ahmad and thus decided on it. I never forget his sacred situ a tions made by his piety, and so elevated they are! And I never forget these noble men in houses that Allah permitted to be paid tribute. They are masters who wanted nothing but Allah’s pleasure and Allah wanted not but their pleasure. Out of His perfection, He gave them exclusive worth and conferred upon them with the most exalted names. They are but unseen treasures of the Holy Throne. Glory be to Him Who showed them! Their tongues speak on behalf of Allah. They are the pens of His wisdom. They are the sound eyes guiding ali blind eyes. They are knowledgeable, leaders, and wise. Even stars were guided, would they follow them. Their knowledge is guide and their views are sage, and their forms communicate all wisdoms. After I have won loyalty to them, I do not care if the skies fall on the earth!"
}