{
    "content": "When you stand for the ziyarah of Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’’s tomb, you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--يَا مُمْتَحَنَةُ امْتَحَنَكِ اللّٰهُ الَّذِيْ خَلَقَكِ قَبْلَ اَنْ يَخْلُقَكِ فَوَجَدَكِ لِمَا امْتَحَنَكِ صَابِرَةً وَ زَعَمْنَا اَنَّا لَكِ اَوْلِيَاۤءُ وَ مُصَدِّقُوْنَ وَ صَابِرُوْنَ لِكُلِّ مَاۤ اَتَانَا بِهِ اَبُوْكِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اَتٰى بِهِ وَصِيُّهُ فَاِنَّا نَسْاَلُكِ اِنْ كُنَّا صَدَّقْنَاكِ اِلَّاۤ اَلْحَقْتِنَا بِتَصْدِيْقِنَا لَهُمَا لِنُبَشِّرَ اَنْفُسَنَا بِاَنَّا قَدْ طَهُرْنَا بِوِلَايَتِكِ۔--It is recommended to add the following:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ حَبِيْبِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ خَلِيْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ صَفِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ اَمِيْنِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ خَيْرِ خَلْقِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ اَفْضَلِ اَنْبِيَاۤءِ اللّٰهِ وَ رُسُلِهِ وَ مَلَاۤئِكَتِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ خَيْرِ الْبَرِيَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا سَيِّدَةَ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا زَوْجَةَ وَلِيِّ اللّٰهِ وَ خَيْرِ الْخَلْقِ بَعْدَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا اُمَّ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ سَيِّدَيْ شَبَابِ اَهْلِ الْجَنَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الصِّدِّيْقَةُ الشَّهِيْدَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الرَّضِيَّةُ الْمَرْضِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْفَاضِلَةُ الزَّكِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْحَوْرُاۤءُ الْاِنْسِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا التَّقِيَّةُ النَّقِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْمُحَدَّثَةُ الْعَلِيْمَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْمَظْلُوْمَةُ الْمَغْصُوْبَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْمُضْطَهَدَةُ الْمَقْهُوْرَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا فَاطِمَةُ بِنْتَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكِ وَ عَلٰى رُوْحِكِ وَ بَدَنِكِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكِ مَضَيْتِ عَلٰى بَيِّنَةٍ مِنْ رَبِّكِ۔وَ اَنَّ مَنْ سَرَّكِ فَقَدْ سَرَّ رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ مَنْ جَفَاكِ فَقَدْ جَفَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ مَنْ اٰذَاكِ فَقَدْ اٰذٰى رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ مَنْ وَصَلَكِ فَقَدْ وَصَلَ رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ مَنْ قَطَعَكِ فَقَدْ قَطَعَ رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ لِاَنَّكِ بِضْعَةٌ مِنْهُ وَ رُوْحُهُ الَّذِيْ بَيْنَ جَنْبَيْهِ، اُشْهِدُ اللّٰهَ وَ رُسُلَهُ وَ مَلَاۤئِكَتَهُ اَنِّي رَاضٍ عَمَّنْ رَضِيْتِ عَنْهُ سَاخِطٌ عَلٰى مَنْ سَخِطْتِ عَلَيْهِ مُتَبَرِّئٌ مِمَّنْ تَبَرَّأْتِ مِنْهُ مُوَالٍ لِمَنْ وَالَيْتِ مُعَادٍ لِمَنْ عَادَيْتِ مُبْغِضٌ لِمَنْ اَبْغَضْتِ مُحِبٌّ لِمَنْ اَحْبَبْتِ وَ كَفٰى بِاللّٰهِ شَهِيْدًا وَ حَسِيْبًا وَ جَازِيًا وَ مُثِيْبًا۔--You may then invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and Imams.\r\n\r\nWithin the recommended acts on the third of Jumada al-Akhirah (the day of the martyrdom of Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’), another form of ziyarah has been cited (pp. 1078 of vol. 1).\r\n\r\nScholars have mentioned another form of ziyarah whose statements are similar to the statements of the aforementioned ziyarah that has been quoted from Shaykh al-Tusi. However, the complete form of this ziyarah is as follows:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ حَبِيْبِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ خَلِيْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ صَفِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ اَمِيْنِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ خَيْرِ خَلْقِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ اَفْضَلِ اَنْبِيَاۤءِ اللّٰهِ وَ رُسُلِهِ وَ مَلَاۤئِكَتِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا بِنْتَ خَيْرِ الْبَرِيَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا سَيِّدَةَ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا زَوْجَةَ وَلِيِّ اللّٰهِ وَ خَيْرِ الْخَلْقِ بَعْدَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا اُمَّ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ سَيِّدَيْ شَبَابِ اَهْلِ الْجَنَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الصِّدِّيْقَةُ الشَّهِيْدَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الرَّضِيَّةُ الْمَرْضِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْفَاضِلَةُ الزَّكِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْحَوْرُاۤءُ الْاِنْسِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا التَّقِيَّةُ النَّقِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْمُحَدَّثَةُ الْعَلِيْمَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْمَظْلُوْمَةُ الْمَغْصُوْبَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْمُضْطَهَدَةُ الْمَقْهُوْرَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا فَاطِمَةُ بِنْتَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكِ وَ عَلٰى رُوْحِكِ وَ بَدَنِكِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكِ مَضَيْتِ عَلٰى بَيِّنَةٍ مِنْ رَبِّكِ۔وَ اَنَّ مَنْ سَرَّكِ فَقَدْ سَرَّ رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ مَنْ جَفَاكِ فَقَدْ جَفَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ مَنْ اٰذَاكِ فَقَدْ اٰذٰى رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ مَنْ وَصَلَكِ فَقَدْ وَصَلَ رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ مَنْ قَطَعَكِ فَقَدْ قَطَعَ رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ لِاَنَّكِ بِضْعَةٌ مِنْهُ وَ رُوْحُهُ الَّذِيْ بَيْنَ جَنْبَيْهِ،  اُشْهِدُ اللّٰهَ وَ مَلَاۤئِكَتَهُ اَنِّيْ وَلِيٌّ لِمَنْ وَالَاكِ وَ عَدُوٌّ لِمَنْ عَادَاكِ وَ حَرْبٌ لِمَنْ حَارَبَكِ اَنَا يَا مَوْلَاتِيْ بِكِ وَ بِاَبِيْكِ وَ بَعْلِكِ وَ الْاَئِمَّةِ مِنْ وُلْدِكِ مُوْقِنٌ وَ بِوِلَايَتِهِمْ مُؤْمِنٌ وَ لِطَاعَتِهِمْ مُلْتَزِمٌ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ الدِّيْنَ دِيْنُهُمْ وَ الْحُكْمَ حُكْمُهُمْ وَ هُمْ قَدْ بَلَّغُوْا عَنِ اللّٰهِ عَزَّ وَ جَلَّ وَ دَعَوْا اِلٰى سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ بِالْحِكْمَةِ وَ الْمَوْعِظَةِ الْحَسَنَةِ لَا تَأْخُذُهُمْ فِيْ اللّٰهِ لَوْمَةُ لَاۤئِمٍ وَ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْكِ وَ عَلٰۤى اَبِيْكِ وَ بَعْلِكِ وَ ذُرِّيَّتِكِ الْاَئِمَّةِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ وَ صَلِّ عَلَى الْبَتُوْلِ الطَّاهِرَةِ الصِّدِّيْقَةِ الْمَعْصُوْمَةِ التَّقِيَّةِ النَّقِيَّةِ الرَّضِيَّةِ الْمَرْضِيَّةِ الزَّكِيَّةِ الرَّشِيْدَةِ الْمَظْلُوْمَةِ الْمَقْهُوْرَةِ الْمَغْصُوْبَةِ حَقُّهَا الْمَمْنُوْعَةِ  اِرْثُهَا الْمَكْسُوْرَةِ ضِلْعُهَا الْمَظْلُوْمِ بَعْلُهَا الْمَقْتُوْلِ وَلَدُهَا فَاطِمَةَ بِنْتِ رَسُوْلِكَ وَ بِضْعَةِ لَحْمِهِ، وَ صَمِيْمِ قَلْبِهِ وَ فِلْذَةِ كَبِدِهِ وَ النُّخْبَةِ مِنْكَ لَهُ وَ التُّحْفَةِ خَصَصْتَ بِهَا وَصِيَّهُ وَ حَبِيْبَةِ الْمُصْطَفٰى وَ قَرِيْنَةِ الْمُرْتَضٰى وَ سَيِّدَةِ النِّسَاۤءِ وَ مُبَشِّرَةِ الْاَوْلِيَاۤءِ حَلِيْفَةِ الْوَرَعِ وَ الزُّهْدِ وَ تُفَّاحَةِ الْفِرْدَوْسِ وَ الْخُلْدِ الَّتِيْ شَرَّفْتَ مَوْلِدَهَا بِنِسَاۤءِ الْجَنَّةِ وَ سَلَلْتَ مِنْهَاۤ اَنْوَارَ الْاَئِمَّةِ وَ اَرْخَيْتَ دُوْنَهَا حِجَابَ النُّبُوَّةِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَيْهَا صَلَاةً تَزِيْدُ فِيْ مَحَلِّهَا عِنْدَكَ وَ شَرَفِهَا لَدَيْكَ وَ مَنْزِلَتِهَا مِنْ رِضَاكَ وَ بَلِّغْهَا مِنَّا تَحِيَّةً وَ سَلَامًا وَ اٰتِنَا مِنْ لَدُنْكَ فِيْ حُبِّهَا فَضْلًا وَ اِحْسَانًا وَ رَحْمَةً وَ غُفْرَانًا اِنَّكَ ذُوْ الْعَفْوِ الْكَرِيْمِ۔--In Tahdhib al-Ahkam, Shaykh al-Tusi says that the narrations dealing with the merits and rewards of visiting the tomb of Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (‘a) are too numerous to be counted.\r\n\r\nFrom the book of Misbah al-Anwar, ‘Allamah al-Majlisi has reported Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (‘a) as saying, “My father said to me: If one invokes Almighty Allah’s blessings upon you, Almighty Allah will forgive him and will join him to me in Paradise wherever I am.”", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "When you stand for the ziyarah of Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’’s tomb, you may say the following:\r\n\r\nO carefully examined (lady): Allah Who created you had tried you before He created you (for this worldly life), and thus He found you successfully enduring in that trial. We claim being loyalists to you, believers in you, and tolerant as regards all that which has been conveyed to us by your father, peace of Allah be upon him and his Household, and all that which his Successor has brought to us. We, thus, ask you, if we have really believed you, that you may include us with those who believe in both of them (i.e. the Holy Prophet and Imam ‘Ali), so that we may feel happy that we have been purified on account of our loyalty to you.\r\n\r\nIt is recommended to add the following:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O daughter of the Messenger of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Prophet of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the most beloved of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Intimate Servant of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Choice of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Trustee of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the best of Allah’s creatures. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the best of Allah’s Prophets, Messengers, and angels. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the best of all created beings. Peace be upon you, O doyenne of all women of the world, including the past and the coming generations. Peace be upon you, O lady of the Intimate Servant of Allah and the best of all created beings after the Messenger of Allah. Peace be upon you, O mother of al-Hasan and al-Husayn, the two chiefs of the youth of Paradise. Peace be upon you, O veracious and martyr. Peace be upon you, O content and pleased. Peace be upon you, O virtuous and pure. Peace be upon you, O Paradisiacal human being. Peace be upon you, O pious and immaculate. Peace be upon you, O one talked by the angels, O knowledgeable. Peace be upon you, O oppressed lady whose right was usurped. Peace be upon you, O persecuted and maltreated. Peace be upon you, O Fatimah the daughter of the Messenger of Allah. So be upon you the mercy and blessings of Allah. May Allah bless you, your soul, and your body. I bear witness that you have spent your life with full awareness of your duty towards your Lord and (I bear witness) that he who pleases you will have pleased the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household, and he who displeases you will have displeased the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household, and he who harms you will have harmed the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household, and he who respects you will have respected the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household, and he who disrespects you will have disrespected the messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household. This is because you are an inseparable part of him (i.e. the Holy Prophet), and you are his soul with which he lives. I ask Allah, His Messengers, and His angels to be the witnesses that I am verily pleased with him whomever you accept, I am displeased with him whomever you detest, I disavow him whomever you disavow, I am loyal to him whomever you support, I am the enemy of him whomever you betake as enemy, I am hateful to him whomever you hate, and I like him whomever you like. Verily, Allah is Sufficient as Witness, Reckoner, Punisher, and Rewarder.\r\n\r\nYou may then invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and Imams.\r\n\r\nWithin the recommended acts on the third of Jumada al-Akhirah (the day of the martyrdom of Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’), another form of ziyarah has been cited (pp. 1078 of vol. 1).\r\n\r\nScholars have mentioned another form of ziyarah whose statements are similar to the statements of the aforementioned ziyarah that has been quoted from Shaykh al-Tusi. However, the complete form of this ziyarah is as follows:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O daughter of the Messenger of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Prophet of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the most beloved of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Intimate Servant of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Choice of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the Trustee of Allah. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the best of Allah’s creatures. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the best of Allah’s Prophets, Messengers, and angels. Peace be upon you, O daughter of the best of all created beings. Peace be upon you, O doyenne of all women of the world, including the past and the coming generations. Peace be upon you, O lady of the Intimate Servant of Allah and the best of all created beings after the Messenger of Allah. Peace be upon you, O mother of al-Hasan and al-Husayn, the two chiefs of the youth of Paradise. Peace be upon you, O veracious and martyr. Peace be upon you, O content and pleased. Peace be upon you, O virtuous and pure. Peace be upon you, O Paradisiacal human being. Peace be upon you, O pious and immaculate. Peace be upon you, O one talked by the angels, O knowledgeable. Peace be upon you, O oppressed lady whose right was usurped. Peace be upon you, O persecuted and maltreated. Peace be upon you, O Fatimah the daughter of the Messenger of Allah. So be upon you the mercy and blessings of Allah. May Allah bless you, your soul, and your body. I bear witness that you have spent your life with full awareness of your duty towards your Lord; and (I bear witness) that he who pleases you will have pleased the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household, he who displeases you will have displeased the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household, he who harms you will have harmed the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household, he who respects you will have respected the Messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household, and he who disrespects you will have disrespected the messenger of Allah, peace be upon him and his Household. This is because you are an inseparable part of him (i.e. the Holy Prophet), and you are his soul with which he lives. I ask Allah and His angels to be the witnesses that I am the friend of him who adheres to you, I am the enemy of him who makes an enemy of you, and I am in war against him who wages war against you. O my doyenne, I have full faith in you, your father, your husband,and your sons—the Imams, I believe in their (Divinely commissioned) leadership, and I commit myself to the obedience to them. I bear witness that their religion is the true religion, their command is the true command, they have conveyed on behalf of Almighty Allah (flawlessly), and they have called to the Way of Allah with wisdom and fair exhortation. They have never feared the blame of anyone concerning carrying out their duty towards Almighty Allah. Blessings of Allah be upon you and upon your father, your husband, and your descendants—the Immaculate Imams. O Allah, (please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and his Household and send blessings upon the chaste, the immaculate, the veracious, the infallible, pious, pure, amiable, well-pleased, virtuous, right- minded, oppressed, and wronged lady whose right was usurped, whose right of inheritance was violated, whose rib was broken, whose husband was persecuted, and whose son was slain; (she is) Fatimah: the daughter of Your Messenger, the inseparable part of his flesh, the essence of his heart, the piece of his innermost, the choice of You for him, the gift that You have given exclusively to the Successor of him, the most beloved of the Preferred Prophet, the wife of the Pleased Successor, the doyenne of all women, the conveyor of good tidings to the intimate servants (of Almighty Allah), the inseparable from piety and asceticism, and the Apple of the Heaven and Eternity (in Paradise); (she is) the lady through whose birth You have honored the women of Paradise, from whom You have pulled the Lights of the Imams, and fixed the Veil of Prophethood. O Allah, (please do) confer upon her with blessings that raise her standing and honor with You, raise her position from Your Pleasure, convey to her our greetings and compliments, and grant us, from You on account of our love for her, favor, kindness, mercy, and forgiveness. Verily, You are the All-generous Lord of pardon.\r\n\r\nIn Tahdhib al-Ahkam, Shaykh al-Tusi says that the narrations dealing with the merits and rewards of visiting the tomb of Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (‘a) are too numerous to be counted.\r\n\r\nFrom the book of Misbah al-Anwar, ‘Aliamah al-Majlisi has reported Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (‘a) as saying, “My father said to me: If one invokes Almighty Allah’s blessings upon you, Almighty Allah will forgive him and will join him to me in Paradise wherever I am.”"
}