{
    "content": "ZIYARAH OF HAMZAH AT UHUD\r\n\r\nWhen you decide to visit the tomb of Hamzah ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib, the chief of martyrs, you may stop near his tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَمَّ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَيْرَ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَسَدَ اللّٰهِ وَ اَسَدَ رَسُوْلِهِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ جَاهَدْتَ فِيْ اللّٰهِ عَزَّ وَ جَلَّ وَ جُدْتَ بِنَفْسِكَ وَ نَصَحْتَ رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ صَلَى الله عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ كُنْتَ فِيْمَا عِنْدَ اللّٰهِ سُبْحَانَهُ رَاغِبًا بِاَبِيْۤ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْۤ اَتَيْتُكَ مُتَقَرِّبًا اِلٰى رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ بِذٰلِكَ رَاغِبًا اِلَيْكَ فِيْ الشَّفَاعَةِ اَبْتَغِيْ بِزِيَارَتِكَ خَلاصَ نَفْسِيْ مُتَعَوِّذًا بِكَ مِنْ نَارٍ ۟اِسْتَحَقَّهَا مِثْلِيْ بِمَا جَنَيْتُ عَلٰى نَفْسِيْ هَارِبًا مِنْ ذُنُوْبِيَ الَّتِيْ احْتَطَبْتُهَا عَلٰى ظَهْرِيْ فَزِعًا اِلَيْكَ رَجَاۤءَ رَحْمَةِ رَبِّيْۤ اَتَيْتُكَ مِنْ شُقَّةٍ بَعِيْدَةٍ طَالِبًا فَكَاكَ رَقَبَتِيْ مِنَ النَّارِ وَ قَدْ اَوْقَرَتْ ظَهْرِيْ ذُنُوْبِيْ، وَ اَتَيْتُ مَاۤ اَسْخَطَ رَبِّيْ وَ لَمْ اَجِدْ اَحَدًا اَفْزَعُ اِلَيْهِ خَيْرًا لِيْ مِنْكُمْ اَهْلَ بَيْتِ الرَّحْمَةِ فَكُنْ لِيْ شَفِيْعًا يَوْمَ فَقْرِيْ وَ حَاجَتِيْ فَقَدْ سِرْتُ اِلَيْكَ مَحْزُوْنًا وَ اَتَيْتُكَ مَكْرُوْبًا وَ سَكَبْتُ عَبْرَتِيْ عِنْدَكَ بَاكِيًا وَ صِرْتُ اِلَيْكَ مُفْرَدًا وَ اَنْتَ مِمَّنْ اَمَرَنِيَ اللّٰهُ بِصِلَتِهِ وَ حَثَّنِيْ عَلٰى بِرِّهِ وَ دَلَّنِيْ عَلٰى فَضْلِهِ وَ هَدَانِيْ لِحُبِّهِ وَ رَغَّبَنِيْ فِي الْوِفَادَةِ اِلَيْهِ وَ اَلْهَمَنِيْ طَلَبَ الْحَوَاۤئِجِ عِنْدَهُ اَنْتُمْ اَهْلُ بَيْتٍ لَا يَشْقٰى مَنْ تَوَلَّاكُمْ وَ لَا يَخِيْبُ مَنْ اَتَاكُمْ وَ لَا يَخْسَرُ مَنْ يَهْوَاكُمْ وَ لَا يَسْعَدُ مَنْ عَادَاكُمْ۔--You may then turn your face towards the kiblah direction and offer a two unit prayer. After accomplishment, you may throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ تَعَرَّضْتُ لِرَحْمَتِكَ بِلُزُوْمِيْ لِقَبْرِ عَمِّ نَبِيِّكَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ لِيُجِيْرَنِيْ مِنْ نِقْمَتِكَ فِيْ يَوْمٍ تَكْثُرُ فِيْهِ الْاَصْوَاتُ وَ تَشْغَلُ كُلُّ نَفْسٍ بِمَا قَدَّمَتْ وَ تُجَادِلُ عَنْ نَفْسِهَا فَاِنْ تَرْحَمْنِي الْيَوْمَ فَلَا خَوْفٌ عَلَيَّ وَ لَا حُزْنٌ وَ اِنْ تُعَاقِبْ فَمَوْلًى لَهُ الْقُدْرَةُ عَلٰى عَبْدِهِ وَ لَا تُخَيِّبْنِيْ بَعْدَ الْيَوْمِ وَ لَا تَصْرِفْنِيْ بِغَيْرِ حَاجَتِيْ فَقَدْ لَصِقْتُ بِقَبْرِ عَمِّ نَبِيِّكَ وَ تَقَرَّبْتُ بِهِ اِلَيْكَ ابْتِغَاۤءَ مَرْضَاتِكَ وَ رَجَاۤءَ رَحْمَتِكَ فَتَقَبَّلْ مِنِّيْ وَ عُدْ بِحِلْمِكَ عَلٰى جَهْلِيْ وَ بِرَأْفَتِكَ عَلٰى جِنَايَةِ نَفْسِيْ فَقَدْ عَظُمَ جُرْمِيْ وَ مَاۤ اَخَافُ اَنْ تَظْلِمَنِيْ وَ لٰكِنْ اَخَافُ سُوْۤءَ الْحِسَابِ، فَانْظُرِ الْيَوْمَ تَقَلُّبِيْ عَلٰى قَبْرِ عَمِّ نَبِيِّكَ فَبِهِمَا فُكَّنِيْ مِنَ النَّارِ وَ لَا تُخَيِّبْ سَعْيِيْ وَ لَا يَهُوْنَنَّ عَلَيْكَ ابْتِهَالِيْ وَ لَا تَحْجُبَنَّ عَنْكَ صَوْتِيْ وَ لَا تَقْلِبْنِيْ بِغَيْرِ حَوَاۤئِجِيْ يَا غِيَاثَ كُلِّ مَكْرُوْبٍ وَ مَحْزُوْنٍ وَ يَا مُفَرِّجًا عَنِ الْمَلْهُوْفِ الْحَيْرَانِ الْغَرِيْقِ الْمُشْرِفِ عَلَى الْهَلَكَةِ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ انْظُرْ اِلَيَّ نَظْرَةً لَا اَشْقٰى بَعْدَهَا اَبَدًا وَ ارْحَمْ تَضَرُّعِيْ وَ عَبْرَتِيْ وَ انْفِرَادِيْ، فَقَدْ رَجَوْتُ رِضَاكَ وَ تَحَرَّيْتُ الْخَيْرَ الَّذِيْ لَا يُعْطِيْهِ اَحَدٌ سِوَاكَ فَلَا تَرُدَّ اَمَلِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنْ تُعَاقِبْ فَمَوْلًى لَهُ الْقُدْرَةُ عَلٰى عَبْدِهِ وَ جَزَاۤئِهِ بِسُوْۤءِ فِعْلِهِ فَلَاۤ اَخِيْبَنَّ الْيَوْمَ وَ لَا تَصْرِفْنِيْ بِغَيْرِ حَاجَتِيْ وَ لَا تُخَيِّبَنَّ شُخُوْصِيْ وَ وِفَادَتِيْ فَقَدْ اَنْفَدْتُ نَفَقَتِيْ وَ اَتْعَبْتُ بَدَنِيْ وَ قَطَعْتُ الْمَفَازَاتِ وَ خَلَّفْتُ الْاَهْلَ وَ الْمَالَ وَ مَا خَوَّلْتَنِيْ وَ اٰثَرْتُ مَا عِنْدَكَ عَلٰى نَفْسِيْ وَ لُذْتُ بِقَبْرِ عَمِّ نَبِيِّكَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ تَقَرَّبْتُ بِهِ ابْتِغَاۤءَ مَرْضَاتِكَ فَعُدْ بِحِلْمِكَ عَلٰى جَهْلِيْ وَ بِرَأْفَتِكَ عَلٰى ذَنْبِيْ فَقَدْ عَظُمَ جُرْمِيْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَا كَرِيْمُ يَا كَرِيْمُ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "ZIYARAH OF HAMZAH AT UHUD\r\n\r\nWhen you decide to visit the tomb of Hamzah ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib, the chief of martyrs, you may stop near his tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O uncle of Allah’s Messenger, peace be upon him and his Household. Peace be upon you, O best of martyrs. Peace be upon you, O Lion of Allah and of His Messenger. I bear witness that you strove in the way of Allah-the All-mighty and All-majestic—, sacrificed yourself, acted sincerely towards Allah’s Messenger, peace be upon him and his Household, and desired sincerely for that which is possessed by Allah, the Glorified. May Allah accept my father and mother as ransoms for you! I have come to you seeking nearness to Allah, the All-mighty and All-majestic, through visiting your tomb, and seeking nearness to Allah’s Messenger, peace be upon him and his Household, through visiting your tomb, too. I thus carry the desire that you may intercede for me. Through my visiting you, I also desire for redemption of myself, seeking your protection against the Fire that is deserved by my matches for what I have done against myself, fleeing from my sins that I have gathered on my shoulders, and turning to you for security, in the hope of gaining the mercy of my Lord. I have come to you from a far distance, seeking for release of my neck (i.e. self) from Hellfire although I have overburdened my back with my sins and I have committed that which enrages my Lord. I cannot find anyone to whom I may resort better than you, the Household of Mercy; so, (please)intercede for me on the day of my poverty and neediness, for I have walked to you aggrieved, I have come to you distressed, I have shed tears in your presence, and I am now alone before you. You are of those with whom Allah has ordered me to build unbreakable ties, He has urged me to obey, He has shown me your merits, He has guided me to the love for you, He has encouraged me to get to you, and He has inspired me to seek the settlement of my needs at your tombs. As for you the Ahl al-Bayt (the Household of the Prophet), whoever pays homage to you shall never encounter unhappiness, whoever comes to you shall never be disappointed, and whoever loves you shall never fail, but whoever provokes the hostility of you shall never be pleased.\r\n\r\nYou may then turn your face towards the kiblah direction and offer a two unit prayer. After accomplishment, you may throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad. O Allah, I expose myself to Your mercy as I attach myself to the tomb of Your Prophet’s uncle, peace be upon Your Prophet and his Household so that he (i.e. Your Prophet’s uncle) may rescue me from Your chastisement, Your wrath, and Your ire on the day when cries will be great in number, when each soul will be engaged with what it has sent before, and each soul will plead for itself. If You have mercy upon me on that day, then neither fear nor grief shall come upon me. But if You punish me, then You are the Master Who has full power over His slave. Please, do not disappoint me any more after this day and do not cause me to leave without having my requests granted. I have attached myself to the tomb of Your Prophet’s uncle and I have sought nearness to You through him in the hope of gaining Your pleasure and in the desire of winning Your mercy. So, (please) accept from me and confer upon my unreason with Your forbearance and upon my mistreatment against myself with Your kindness. My offenses are too great; yet, I do not anticipate that You may wrong me, but I anticipate terrible reckoning. So, (please) on this day, notice my turning on the tomb of Your Prophet’s uncle; and, in the names of both of them (i.e. the Holy Prophet and his uncle), release me from Hellfire, do not frustrate my efforts, do not belittle my invocation to You, do not cause my voice not to reach You, and do not make me leave (this place) without having my needs settled for me. O Succor of all aggrieved and saddened ones! O Reliever of the grieved, confused, drowned, and perishable ones! (Please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, send to me a look (from You) that saves me from unhappiness forever, and have mercy upon my obtestation, tears, and loneliness. I do hope for Your pleasure and I seek for the good that none save You can provide; so please do not disappoint me. O Allah, if You punish me, then You are the Master Who has full power over His slave and it is naught but my misdeeds that pulled me to Your punishment, but I beg You not to disappoint me this day, not to make me leave without having my needs settled for me, and not to disparage my presence and coming, because I have spent all my disbursement, caused fatigue to my body, crossed deserts, left my family, properties, and whatever You have put under my disposal, preferred that which You have to myself, and here I am seeking refuge in the tomb of Your Prophet’s uncle, may peace be upon Your Prophet and his Household, and sought his nearness—all that has been in the hope of gaining Your pleasure. So, (please) confer upon my unreason with Your forbearance and upon my sins with Your kindness, for my offense is grave. (Please do that for me) in the name of Your mercy, O All-generous! O All-generous!"
}