{
    "content": "ZIYARAH OF THE MARTYRS IN THE BATTLE OF UHUD\r\n\r\nAt visiting the martyrs of the Battle of Uhud, say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰۤى اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اَيُّهَا الشُّهَدَاۤءُ الْمُؤْمِنُوْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَهْلَ بَيْتِ الْاِيْمَانِ وَ التَّوْحِيْدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَنْصَارَ دِيْنِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَنْصَارَ رَسُوْلِهِ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ سَلَامٌ عَلَيْكُمْ بِمَا صَبَرْتُمْ فَنِعْمَ عُقْبَى الدَّارِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ اللّٰهَ اخْتَارَكُمْ لِدِيْنِهِ وَ اصْطَفَاكُمْ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمْ قَدْ جَاهَدْتُمْ فِيْ اللّٰهِ حَقَّ جِهَادِهِ وَ ذَبَبْتُمْ عَنْ دِيْنِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَنْ نَبِيِّهِ وَ جُدْتُمْ بِاَنْفُسِكُمْ دُوْنَهُ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمْ قُتِلْتُمْ عَلٰى مِنْهَاجِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ فَجَزَاكُمُ اللّٰهُ عَنْ نَبِيِّهِ وَ عَنِ الْاِسْلَامِ وَ اَهْلِهِ اَفْضَلَ الْجَزَاۤءِ وَ عَرَّفَنَا وُجُوْهَكُمْ فِيْ مَحَلِّ رِضْوَانِهِ وَ مَوْضِعِ اِكْرَامِهِ مَعَ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ الصِّدِّيْقِيْنَ وَ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ وَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ وَ حَسُنَ اُوْلٰۤئِكَ رَفِيْقًا اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمْ حِزْبُ اللّٰهِ وَ اَنَّ مَنْ حَارَبَكُمْ فَقَدْ حَارَبَ اللّٰهَ وَ اَنَّكُمْ لَمِنَ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ الْفَاۤئِزِيْنَ الَّذِيْنَ هُمْ اَحْيَاۤءٌ عِنْدَ رَبِّهِمْ يُرْزَقُوْنَ فَعَلٰى مَنْ قَتَلَكُمْ لَعْنَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ الْمَلَاۤئِكَةِ وَ النَّاسِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اَتَيْتُكُمْ يَاۤ اَهْلَ التَّوْحِيْدِ زَاۤئِرًا وَ بِحَقِّكُمْ عَارِفًا وَ بِزِيَارَتِكُمْ اِلَى اللّٰهِ مُتَقَرِّبًا وَ بِمَا سَبَقَ مِنْ شَرِيْفِ الْاَعْمَالِ وَ مَرْضِيِّ الْاَفْعَالِ عَالِمًا فَعَلَيْكُمْ سَلَامُ اللّٰهِ وَ رَحْمَتُهُ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ وَ عَلٰى مَنْ قَتَلَكُمْ لَعْنَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ غَضَبُهُ وَ سَخَطُهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ انْفَعْنِيْ بِزِيَارَتِهِمْ وَ ثَبِّتْنِيْ عَلٰى قَصْدِهِمْ وَ تَوَفَّنِيْ عَلٰى مَا تَوَفَّيْتَهُمْ عَلَيْهِ وَ اجْمَعْ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَهُمْ فِيْ مُسْتَقَرِّ دَارِ رَحْمَتِكَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمْ لَنَا فَرَطٌ وَ نَحْنُ بِكُمْ لَاحِقُوْنَ۔--You may then repeat reciting Surah al-Qadr as many times as possible.\r\n\r\nSome scholars say that you may offer a two unit prayer at each tomb and then come back.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "ZIYARAH OF THE MARTYRS IN THE BATTLE OF UHUD\r\n\r\nAt visiting the martyrs of the Battle of Uhud, say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon Allah’s Prophet. Peace be upon Muhammad the son of 'Abdullah. peace be upon his Immaculate Household. Peace be upon you, O martyrs, believing ones. Peace be upon you, O household of (true) faith and monotheism. Peace be upon you, O supporters of Allah’s religion and supporters of His Messenger—peace be upon him and his Household. Peace be upon you because you were constant! How excellent is then the issue of the abode. I bear witness that Allah has chosen you for His religion and selected you for His Messenger. And I bear witness that you did strive for the sake of Allah as exactly as required defended Allah’s religion and Prophet, and sacrificed your souls for Him. And I bear witness that you were killed following the course of Allah’s Messenger; therefore, may Allah reward you, on behalf of His Prophet and Islam and the followers of Islam, with the best reward; and may He make us recognize you by faces at the Place of His Pleasure and the Abode of His Honoring with the Prophets, the veracious ones, the martyrs, and the righteous ones; and how excellent is the company of those. I bear witness that you are the party of Allah and that he who fought you had in fact fought against Allah, and that you are of those who are the nearest (to Almighty Allah) and of those who are triumphant, who are alive and are provided sustenance from their Lord. The curse of Allah be upon those who killed you. So be the curse of the angels and all peoples. O people of Allah’s Oneness, I have come to you, visiting you, acknowledging your rights, seeking nearness to Allah through my visit to you, and recognizing your honorable deeds and pleasant acts. Peace, mercy, and blessings of Allah be upon you. Curse, ire, and wrath of Allah be upon those who killed you. O Allah, (please do) grant me advantages for I am visiting them, make me stand steadfastly their course, do not grasp my soul before I be carrying the same principles that they carried when You grasped their souls, and include me with their group in the unchangeable abode of Your mercy. I bear witness that you preceded us and we shall certainly follow you.\r\n\r\nYou may then repeat reciting Surah al-Qadr as many times as possible.\r\n\r\nSome scholars say that you may offer a two unit prayer at each tomb and then come back."
}