{
    "content": "Addressing al-Mu’alla ibn Khunays, Imam al-Sadiq(a.s.) said: On the Nayruz Day (the 21st of March; the new day in the Persian Calendar), bathe yourself, put on the cleanest of your clothes, perfume yourself with the best fragrance you have, and, before everything, you must be observing fasting. When you accomplish the supererogatory (mustahab / nafilah) prayers and offer the Zohr and Asr (obligatory) Prayers, add a four unit prayer, each two alone, in the first of which you may recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Qadr ten times. In the second unit, you recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Kafirun ten times. In the third, you recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Tawheed ten times. In the fourth, you recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Nas ten times. After accomplishing this prayer, you may prostrate yourself and say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْاَوْصِيَاۤءِ الْمَرْضِيِّيْنَ وَ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ اَنْبِيَاۤئِكَ وَ رُسُلِكَ بِاَفْضَلِ صَلَوَاتِكَ وَ بَارِكْ عَلَيْهِمْ بِاَفْضَلِ بَرَكَاتِكَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰۤى اَرْوَاحِهِمْ وَ اَجْسَادِهِمْ اَللّٰهُمَّ بَارِكْ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ بَارِكْ لَنَا فِيْ يَوْمِنَا هٰذَا الَّذِيْ فَضَّلْتَهُ وَ كَرَّمْتَهُ وَ شَرَّفْتَهُ وَ عَظَّمْتَ خَطَرَهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ بَارِكْ لِيْ فِيْمَاۤ اَنْعَمْتَ بِهِ عَلَيَّ حَتّٰى لَا اَشْكُرَ اَحَدًا غَيْرَكَ وَ وَسِّعْ عَلَيَّ فِيْ رِزْقِيْ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ اَللّٰهُمَّ مَا غَابَ عَنِّيْ فَلَا يَغِيْبَنَّ عَنِّيْ عَوْنُكَ وَ حِفْظُكَ وَ مَا فَقَدْتُ مِنْ شَيْ‏ءٍ فَلَا تُفْقِدْنِيْ عَوْنَكَ عَلَيْهِ حَتّٰى لَاۤ اَتَكَلَّفَ مَا لَاۤ اَحْتَاجُ اِلَيْهِ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ۔--If you do and say so, your sins of fifty years will be forgiven. You may repeat the following saying as many as possible:\r\n\r\n--يَا ذَالْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ‏", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Addressing al-Mu’alla ibn Khunays, Imam al-Sadiq (a.s.) said: On the Nayruz Day (the 21st of March; the new day in the Persian Calendar), bathe yourself, put on the cleanest of your clothes, perfume yourself with the best fragrance you have, and, before everything, you must be observing fasting. When you accomplish the supererogatory prayers and offer the Zohr and Asr (obligatory) Prayers, add a four unit prayer, each two alone, in the first of which you may recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Qadr ten times. In the second unit, you recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Kafirun ten times. In the third, you recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Tawheed ten times. In the fourth, you recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Nas ten times. After accomplishing this prayer, you may prostrate yourself and say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) confer upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad; the Successors and Pleased ones, and upon all of Your Prophets and Messengers with the best of Your favors, bless them with the best of Your blessings and bless their souls and bodies. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and bless us on this day, which You have favored, ennobled, honored, and dignified. O Allah, (please do) bless that which You have bestowed upon me so that I will thank none but You, and expand Your sustenance to me, O Lord of Majesty and Honor. O Allah, if I miss any thing, (please) let me not miss Your aid and custody. If I lose any thing, (please) let me not lose Your helping me to avoid undergoing loss so that I will not have to do that which I do not need to do. O Lord of Majesty and Honor!\r\n\r\nIf you do and say so, your sins of fifty years will be forgiven. You may repeat the following saying as many as possible:\r\n\r\nO Lord of Majesty and Honor."
}