{
    "content": "You may now prepare yourself for performing the prayer. You must have heart presence and pay attention to your prayer, by considering the humiliation of your situation and the all-greatness and majesty of your Lord to whom you are talking in your prayer. Behave as is you can see Him in front of you and be ashamed of talking to Him with your tongue while your heart is preoccupied by another thing. You may then stand up with respect and reverence, putting your two hands on your thighs opposite to your knees. Separate between your two feet in an amount of three fingers up to one span. Cast your sight on the place of your prostration. You may then intend to perform this dawn (fajr) Prayer for seeking nearness to Allah the Exalted. Then, say the Takbirat al-Ihram statement (saying: Allahu-akbar ‘Allah is the Greatest’; the introductory statement to prayer). It is recommended to add statements of Takbir (i.e. professing Almighty Allah being the Greatest) to it, at each one of which, you may raise your hands to reach the level of the lower part of your ear, turning the palms of your hand towards the kiblah direction. Try to make all your fingers, except the thumb, stick to one another, but not open. You may now say the supplications of the Takbir statements, which are as follows:\r\n\r\nAfter the third Takbir statement, you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ الْمَلِكُ الْحَقُّ الْمُبِيْنُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ سُبْحَانَكَ اِنّى ظَلَمْتُ نَفْسِىْ فَاغْفِرْ لِىْ ذَنْبِىْ اِنَّهُ لَا يَغْفِرُ الذُّنُوْبَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ۔--After the fifth Takbir statement, you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--لَبَّيْكَ وَسَعْدَيْكَ وَالْخَيْرُ فِىْ يَدَيْكَ وَالشَّرُّ لَيْسَ اِلَيْكَ وَالْمَهْدِىُّ مَنْ هَدَيْتَ عَبْدُكَ وَابْنُ عَبْدَيْكَ ذَلِيْلٌ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ مِنْكَ وَبِكَ وَلَكَ وَاِلَيْكَ لَا مَلْجَاۤءَ وَلَا مَنْجٰی وَلَا مَفَرَّ مِنْكَ اِلَّاۤ اِلَيْكَ سُبْحَانَكَ وَحَنَانَيْكَ تَبَارَكْتَ وَتَعَالَيْتَ سُبْحَانَكَ رَبَّ الْبَيْتِ الْحَرَامِ۔--After the seventh Takbir statement, you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--وَجَّهْتُ وَجْهِىَ لِلَّذِىْ فَطَرَ السَّمٰوَاتِ وَالْاَرْضَ عَالِمِ الْغَيْبِ وَالشَّهَادَةِ حَنِيْفًا مُسْلِمًا وَمَا اَنَا مِنَ الْمُشْرِكِیْنَ اِنَّ صَلَاتِىْ وَنُسُكِىْ وَمَحْيَاىَ وَمَمَاتِىْ لِلّٰهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَهُ وَبِذٰلِكَ اُمِرْتُ وَاَ نَا مِنَ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": ""
}