{
    "content": "The Supplicatory Amulet of Imam Zayn al-’Abidin(a.s.):\r\n\r\nThe following supplicatory amulet is reported from Imam Zayn al-’Abidin (a.s.) and repeated twice in the book of Muhaj al-Da’awat.\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللّٰهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ يَاۤ اَسْمَعَ السَّامِعِيْنَ يَاۤ اَبْصَرَ النَّاظِرِيْنَ يَاۤ اَسْرَعَ الْحَاسِبِيْنَ يَاۤ اَحْكَمَ الْحَاكِمِيْنَ يَا خَالِقَ الْمَخْلُوْقِيْنَ يَا رَازِقَ الْمَرْزُوْقِيْنَ يَا نَاصِرَ الْمَنْصُوْرِيْنَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ يَا دَلِيْلَ المُتَحَيِّرِيْنَ يَا غِيَاثَ الْمُسْتَغِيْثِيْنَ اَغِثْنِيْ يَا مَالِكَ يَوْمِ الدِّيْنِ اِيَّاكَ نَعْبُدُ وَ اِيَّاكَ نَسْتَعِيْنُ يَا صَرِيْخَ الْمَكْرُوْبِيْنَ يَا مُجِيْبَ دَعْوَةِ الْمُضْطَرِّيْنَ اَنْتَ اللهُ رَبُّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَنْتَ اللهُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ الْمَلِكُ الْحَقُّ الْمُبِيْنُ الْكِبْرِيَاۤءُ رِدَاۤؤُكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْمُصْطَفٰى وَ عَلٰى عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْمُرْتَضٰى وَ فَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ وَ خَدِيْجَةَ الْكُبْرٰى وَ الْحَسَنِ الْمُجْتَبٰى وَ الْحُسَيْنِ الشَّهِيْدِ بِكَرْبَلَاۤءَ، وَ عَلٰى عَلِيِّ بْنِ الْحُسَيْنِ زَيْنِ الْعَابِدِيْنَ وَ مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْبَاقِرِ وَ جَعْفَرِ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلصَّادِقِ وَ مُوْسَى بْنِ جَعْفَرٍ ۟اِلْكَاظِمِ وَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ مُوْسَى الرِّضَا وَ مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلتَّقِيِّ وَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلنَّقِيِّ وَ الْحَسَنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْعَسْكَرِيِّ وَ الْحُجَّةِ الْقَاۤئِمِ الْمَهْدِيِّ الْاِمَامِ الْمُنْتَظَرِ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْهِمْ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُمْ وَ عَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُمْ وَ انْصُرْ مَنْ نَصَرَهُمْ وَ اخْذُلْ مَنْ خَذَلَهُمْ وَ الْعَنْ مَنْ ظَلَمَهُمْ وَ عَجِّلْ فَرَجَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ انْصُرْ شِيْعَةَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ [وَ اَهْلِكْ اَعْدَاۤءَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ] وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ رُؤْيَةَ قَاۤئِمِ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ مِنْ اَتْبَاعِهِ وَ اَشْيَاعِهِ وَ الرَّاضِيْنَ بِفِعْلِهِ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The Supplicatory Amulet of Imam Zayn al-’Abidin (a.s.):\r\n\r\nThe following supplicatory amulet is reported from Imam Zayn al-’Abidin (a.s.) and repeated twice in the book of Muhaj al-Da’awat.\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah, the All-beneficent, the All-merciful. O most Hearing of all those who can hear! O best Seer of all those who can see! O swiftest in taking account! O wisest of all those who are wise! O Creator of all the creatures! O Sustainers of all those who are granted sustenance! O grantor of victory to all those who are triumphant! O most merciful of all those who show mercy! O Guide of the perplexed ones! O Aid of those who pray for aid! Please, do aid me. O Master of the Judgement Day! You do we serve and You do we beseech for help. 0 Succor of the aggrieved ones! 0 He Who responds to the prayer of the distressed ones! You are Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. You are Allah, there is no god save You; the King and the manifest Just. Pride is Your dress. 0 Allah, send blessings to Muhammad the Chosen Prophet, 'Ali the Most Pleased, Fatimah the Luminous Lady, Khadijah the Grand Lady, al-Hasan the well-selected, al-Husayn the martyred in Karbala', 'AH ibn al-Husayn the Adornment of the Worshippers, Muhammad ibn 'Ali the Cleaver (of knowledge), Ja'far ibn Muhammad the Veracious, Musa ibn Ja'far the Suppressor (of rage), 'Ali ibn Musa the Amicable, Muhammad ibn 'Ali the Pious, 'Ali ibn Muhammad the Pure, al-Hasan al-'Askari, and the Argument (of Allah), the Raiser (of the right), the Well-guided (al-Mahdl), and the Awaited Imam. Blessings of Allah be upon them all. O Allah, (please do) support him who supports them, be the enemy of him who antagonizes them, give victory to him who backs them, disappoint him who disappoints them, curse him who wrongs them, make nearer the Relief of Muhammad’s Household, give victory to the partisans of Muhammad’s Household, annihilate the enemies of Muhammad’s Household, grant me the honor of seeing the expected Imam from Muhammad’s Household, include me with his followers, adherents, and those who are pleased with his deeds, in the name of Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! "
}