{
    "content": "--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا حَمَلَ وَحْيَكَ وَ بَلَّغَ رِسَالَاتِكَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا اَحَلَّ حَلَالَكَ وَ حَرَّمَ حَرَامَكَ وَ عَلَّمَ كِتَابَكَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَاۤ اَقَامَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَى الزَّكَاةَ وَ دَعَاۤ اِلٰى دِيْنِكَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا صَدَّقَ بِوَعْدِكَ وَ اَشْفَقَ مِنْ وَعِيْدِكَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا غَفَرْتَ بِهِ الذُّنُوْبَ وَ سَتَرْتَ بِهِ الْعُيُوْبَ وَ فَرَّجْتَ بِهِ الْكُرُوْبَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا دَفَعْتَ بِهِ الشَّقَاۤءَ وَ كَشَفْتَ بِهِ الْغَمَّاۤءَ وَ اَجَبْتَ بِهِ الدُّعَاۤءَ وَ نَجَّيْتَ بِهِ مِنَ الْبَلَاۤءِ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا رَحِمْتَ بِهِ الْعِبَادَ وَ اَحْيَيْتَ بِهِ الْبِلَادَ وَ قَصَمْتَ بِهِ الْجَبَابِرَةَ وَ اَهْلَكْتَ بِهِ الْفَرَاعِنَةَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَاۤ اَضْعَفْتَ بِهِ الْاَمْوَالَ وَ اَحْرَزْتَ بِهِ مِنَ الْاَهْوَالِ وَ كَسَرْتَ بِهِ الْاَصْنَامَ وَ رَحِمْتَ بِهِ الْاَنَامَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا بَعَثْتَهُ بِخَيْرِ الْاَدْيَانِ وَ اَعْزَزْتَ بِهِ الْاِيْمَانَ وَ تَبَّرْتَ بِهِ الْاَوْثَانَ وَ عَظَّمْتَ بِهِ الْبَيْتَ الْحَرَامَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ الْاَخْيَارِ وَ سَلَّمَ تَسْلِيْمًا ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "O Allah, (please) bless Muhammad as he bore Your revelations and conveyed Your messages.. And (please) bless Muhammad as he declared lawful that which You deemed lawful, forbade that which You deemed unlawful, and taught Your Book (to people). And (please) bless Muhammad as he performed the prayers, defrayed the poor-rate, and called to Your religion. And (please) bless Muhammad for he gave credence to Your promise and feared Your threat. And (please) bless Muhammad as You, for his sake, forgave sins, concealed defects, and relieved agonies. And (please) bless Muhammad as You, for his sake, warded off misery, relieved grievances, responded to prayers, and saved from misfortunes. And (please) bless Muhammad as You, for his sake, had mercy on the servants, restored lands into life, trashed the tyrants, and obliterated the despots. And (please) bless Muhammad as You, for his sake, multiplied fortunes, protected against terrors, broke the idols, and had mercy upon the human beings. And (please) bless Muhammad as You sent him with the best of all religions, strengthened the faith through him, broke into pieces the idols though him, and poured tribute on the Holy House. And (please) bless Muhammad and his Household the immaculate and virtuous and send thorough benedictions on them."
}