{
    "content": "DUA (اللهم رب هذه الدعوة التامه) THE NOON OBLIGATORY PRAYER\r\n\r\nYou may then stand up to offer other couple of units as exactly as the previous couple except that you may utter one statement of Takbir instead of seven. You may then offer another couple of units as same as you have offered the previous. Upon accomplishing these four units of prayer, you may say the same supplications and also say Tasbih al-Zahra’ as has been previously cited. The last two units (of the eight-unit supererogatory (mustahab / nafilah) Noon Prayer) may be offered between the adhan and Iqamah. Hence, you may say the following supplicatory prayer after the iqamah:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ رَبَّ هٰذِهِ الدَّعْوَةِ التَّامَّةِ وَالصَّلوٰةِ الْقَاۤئِمَةِ بَلِّغْ مُحَمَّدًا صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَاٰلِهٖ الدَّرَجَةَ وَالْوَسِيْلَةَ وَالْفَضْلَ وَ الْفَضِيْلَةَ بِاللّٰهِ اَسْتَفْتِحُ وَ بِاللّٰهِ اَسْتَنْجِحُ وَ بِمُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهٖ اَتَوَجَّهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلىٰ مُحَمَّدٍ وَّ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَّ اجْعَلْنِىْ بِهِمْ عِنْدَكَ وَجِيْهًا فِى الدُّنْيَا وَالْاٰخِرَةِ وَمِنَ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ۔--THE NOON OBLIGATORY PRAYER\r\n\r\nThe same etiquettes of performing the dawn (fajr) Prayer may be observed in performing the Noon Prayer. You may recite the Surahs with low voice except for the basmalah. It is preferred to recite Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Qadr at the first unit and Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Tawheed at the second. After the tashahhud statement in the second unit, you may add the following:\r\n\r\n--وَ تَقَبَّلْ شَفَاعَتَهُ وَ ارَفَعَ دَرَجَتَهُ۔--You may then stand erect for uttering the Four Words of Glorification three times. It is better to add a statement of imploring Almighty Allah’s forgiveness (istighfar) to them in the intention of seeking nearness to Him. You may then genuflect and prostrate as has been previously instructed. You may then stand for performing the fourth unit as same as you have performed the third. In this unit, you should say the statements of tashahhud and Taslim. You may then begin with the post-prayer utterances, uttering the Takbir statement three times, saying the aforesaid doxologies (la ilaha illaAllahu...), glorifying Almighty Allah with Tasbih al-Zahra’, and then say any of the general post-prayer supplicatory utterances that you have said after the dawn (fajr) Prayer. You may then say the post-prayer utterances that are dedicated to the Noon Prayer. Some of these supplicatory utterances have been mentioned in my books of Mafatih al-Jinan and Hadiyyat al-Za’ir. However, there is no place for these supplicatory utterances in this brief book. You may finally do the thanksgiving prostration.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": ""
}