{
    "content": "DUA AL FARAJ\r\n\r\nThe Supplication of Relief:\r\n\r\nIn his book of al-Balad al-Amin, Shaykh al-Kaf’ami has mentioned a brief supplication entitled Dua al-Faraj (The Supplication of Relief). This supplication comprises the following seeking of advocacy. Presumably, seeking of the advocacy (tawassul) of the Holy Twelve Imams (a.s.) that is ascribed to Khajah Nasir al-Din is an installation of this supplication in addition to the supplicatory prayer of invoking Allah’s blessings upon the Immaculate Imams with a brilliant composition mentioned by al-Kaf’ami in the end of his book of al-Misbah. Quoting from the book of Qabas al-Masabih by Shaykh al-Sahrashti, Sayyid Ali Khan has mentioned a supplicatory prayer with an explanatory commentary in his book of al-Kalim al-Tayyib. Yet, this commentary will not be mentioned herewith for fear of lengthiness. Dua al-Faraj is thus as follows:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَعَلٰى اِبْنَتِهِ وَعَلٰى اِبْنَيْهَا وَاَسْئَلُكَ بِهِمْ اَنْ تُعِيْنَنِىْ عَلٰى طَاعَتِكَ وَرِضْوَانِكَ وَاَنْ تُبَلِّغَنِىْ بِهِمْ اَفْضَلَ مَا بَلَّغْتَ اَحَدًا مِنْ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ اِنَّكَ جَوَادٌ كَرِيْمٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ اَمِيْرِالْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِىِّبْنِاَبِيْطَالِبٍ عَلَيْهَالسَّلَامُ اِلَّا انْتَقَمْتَ بِهِ مِمَّنْ ظَلَمَنِىْ وَغَشَمَنِىْ وَاٰذَانِىْ وَانْطَوٰى عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ وَكَفَيْتَنِىْ بِهِ مَؤُنَةَ كُلِّ اَحَدٍ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ وَلِيِّكَ عَلِىِّ بْنِ الْحُسَيْنِ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ اِلَّا كَفَيْتَنِىْ بِهِ مَؤُنَةَ كُلِّ شَيْطَانٍ مَرِيْدٍ وَسُلْطَانٍ عَنِيْدٍ يَتَقَوّٰى عَلَىَّ بِبَطْشِهِ وَيَنْتَصِرُ عَلَىَّ بِجُنْدِهِ اِنَّكَ جَوَادٌ كَرِيْمٌ يَا وَهَّابُ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ وَلِيَّيْكَ مُحَمَّدٍ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ وَجَعْفَرِ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ عَلَيْهِمَا السَّلَامُ اِلَّا اَعَنْتَنِىْ بِهِمَا عَلٰى اَمْرِ اٰخِرَتِىْ بِطَاعَتِكَ وَرِضْوَانِكَ وَبَلَّغْتَنِىْ بِهِمَا مَا يُرْضِيْكَ اِنَّكَ فَعَّالٌ لِمَا تُرِيْدُ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّى اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ وَلِيِّكَ مُوْسَى بْنِ جَعْفَرٍ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ اِلَّا عَافَيْتَنِىْ بِهِ فِىْ جَمِيْعِ جَوَارِحِىْ مَا ظَهَرَ مِنْهَا وَمَابَطَنَ يَا جَوَادُ يَا كَرِيْمُ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنّى اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ وَلِيِّكَ الرِّضَا عَلِىِّ بْنِ مُوْسٰى عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ اِلَّا سَلَّمْتَنِىْ بِهِ فِىْ جَمِيْعِ اَسْفَارِىْ فِى الْبَرَارِىْ وَالْبِحَارِ وَالْجِبَالِ والْقِفَارِ وَالْاَوْدِيَةِ وَالْغِيَاضِ مِنْ جَمِيْعِ مَا اَخَافُهُ وَاَحْذَرُهُ اِنَّكَ رَؤُفٌ رَحِيْمٌ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ وَلِيِّكَ مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ اِلَّا جُدْتَ بِهِ عَلَىَّ مِنْ فَضْلِكَ وَتَفَضَّلْتَ بِهِ عَلىَّ مِنْ وُسْعِكَ وَوَسَّعْتَ عَلَىَّ رِزْقَكَ وَاَغْنَيْتَنِىْ عَمَّنْ سِوَاكَ وَجَعَلْتَ حَاجَتِىْ اِلَيْكَ وَقَضَاهَا عَلَيْكَ اِنَّكَ لِمَا تَشَاۤءُ قَدِيْرٌ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ وَلِيِّكَ عَلِىِّ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ عَلَيْهِمَا السَّلَامُ اِلَّا اَعَنْتَنِىْ بِهِ عَلٰى تَاْدِيَةِ فُرُوْضِكَ وَبِرِّ اِخْوَانِىَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَسَهِّلْ ذٰلِكَ لِىْ وَاقْرُنْهُ بِالْخَيْرِ وَاَعِنِّىْ عَلٰى طَاعَتِكَ بِفَضْلِكَ يَا رَحِيْمُ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ وَلِيِّكَ الْحَسَنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ عَلَيْهِمَا السَّلَامُ اِلَّا اَعَنْتَنِىْ بِهِ عَلٰى اَمْرِ اٰخِرَتِىْ بِطَاعَتِكَ وَرِضْوَانِكَ وَسَرَرْتَنِىْ فِىْ مُنْقَلَبِىْ وَمَثْوَاىَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ اَسْئَلُكَ بِحَقِّ وَلِيِّكَ وَحُجَّتِكَ صَاحِبِ الزَّمَانِ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ اِلَّا اَعَنْتَنِىْ بِهِ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ اُمُوْرِىْ وَكَفَيْتَنِىْ بِهِ مَؤُنَةَ كُلِّ مُوْذٍ وَطَاغٍ وَبَاغٍ وَاَعَنْتَنِىْ بِهِ فَقَدْ بَلَغَ مَجْهُوْدِى وَكَفَيْتَنِىْ بِهِكُلَّ عَدُوٍّ وَهَمٍّوَغَمٍّ وَدَيْنٍوَعَنِّىْ وَعَنْوُلْدِىْ وَ جَمِيْعِاَهْلِىْ وَاِخْوَانِىْ وَمَنْيَعْنِيْنِىْ اَمْرُهُ وَخَآصَّتِىْ اٰمِيْنَ رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "DUA AL FARAJ\r\n\r\nThe Supplication of Relief:\r\n\r\nIn his book of al-Balad al-Amin, Shaykh al-Kaf’ami has mentioned a brief supplication entitled Dua al-Faraj (The Supplication of Relief). This supplication comprises the following seeking of advocacy. Presumably, seeking of the advocacy (tawassul) of the Holy Twelve Imams (a.s.) that is ascribed to Khajah Nasir al-Din is an installation of this supplication in addition to the supplicatory prayer of invoking Allah’s blessings upon the Immaculate Imams with a brilliant composition mentioned by al-Kaf’ami in the end of his book of al-Misbah. Quoting from the book of Qabas al-Masabih by Shaykh al-Sahrashti, Sayyid Ali Khan has mentioned a supplicatory prayer with an explanatory commentary in his book of al-Kalim al-Tayyib. Yet, this commentary will not be mentioned herewith for fear of lengthiness. Dua al-Faraj is thus as follows:\r\n\r\nO Allah, send blessings to Muhammad, his daughter, and her two sons. I implore You in their name to help me obey You and attain Your pleasure, and to grant me in their names the utmost of that which You grant to any of Your intimate servants. You are certainly All-munificent, All- generous. O Allah, I implore You in the name of the Commander of the Believers, 'Ali ibn Abi-Talib, peace be upon him, to take revenge on those who have wronged, oppressed, and annoyed me persistently; and to make me dispose with everybody. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O Allah, I implore You in the name of Your intimate servant, 'Ali ibn al-Husayn, peace be upon him, to protect me against the evil of all rebel devils and every tyrannical sovereign who has power over me by means of violence and overcomes me by means of his fans. You are certainly All-munificent, All-generous. O abundantly Grantor! O Allah, I implore in the name of Your two intimate servants, Muhammad ibn 'Ali and Ja'far ibn Muhammad, peace be upon both of them, to help me, in their name, manage the affairs of my Next Life by means of obedience to You and attainment of Your pleasure; and to make me, in their name, attain all that which achieves Your pleasure. You surely do all that which You want. O Allah, I implore You in the name of Your intimate servant, Musa ibn Ja'far, peace be upon him, to give good health, in his name, to all of my organs, be they internal or external, O All-magnanimous and All-generous! O Allah, I implore You in the name of Your intimate servant, the Amicable 'Ali ibn Musa, peace be upon him, to secure me during my journeys; in lands and seas, on mountains and in plains, in valleys and in jungles, against all that which I fear or anticipate. You are certainly Allkind and All-merciful. O Allah, I implore You in the name of Your intimate servant, Muhammad ibn 'Ali, peace be upon him, to confer upon me with Your grace, bestow upon me Your limitless favor, expand for me Your sustenance, make me dispose with anyone save You, and make all my needs to be referred to You alone and to be settled by none save You. You certainly have power over all things that You will. O Allah, I implore You in the name of Your intimate servant, 'Ali ibn Muhammad, peace be upon both of them, to help me perform the duties that You have made incumbent upon me, make me act righteously towards my brethren-in-faith, make all that easy for me to do, add it to goodness, and help me obey You, in the name of Your grace, O All-merciful! O Allah, I implore You in the name of Your intimate servant, al-Hasan ibn 'Ali, peace be upon both of them, to help me manage the affairs of my Next Life through obedience to You and attainment of Your pleasure and to make me happy in this abode as well as my final abode in the name of Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O Allah, I implore You in the name of Your intimate servant and Argument (against Your creatures), the Patron of the Age, peace be upon him, to help me in all of my affairs, save me against the evil of all the harmful, the tyrannical, and the oppressors, save me, in his name, for I have exerted all my efforts, protect me, in his name, against all enemies, all grief, sorrows, and debts, on behalf of me, my sons, all my people, my friends, all those to whom I concern, and those to whom I pay special attention. Respond to me, O Lord of the worlds! "
}