{
    "content": "The Supplication of the Minor Chain-Armor.\r\n\r\nThe commentary on this supplicatory prayer in the most reliable books of supplications has been more elaborate than the commentary mentioned for the supplicatory prayer of al-Jawshan al-Kabir. As a footnote, al-Kaf’ami, in al-Balad al-Amin, says, “This excellent supplicatory prayer is highly considered. It was said by Imam Musa al-Kazim (a.s.) when al-Hadi, the ‘Abbasid ruler, intended to assassin him. Hence, the Imam (a.s.) saw in dream his grandfather, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), who foretold that Almighty Allah would annihilate his enemy.”\r\n\r\nIt is also recorded in Sayyid Ibn Tawus’s book of Muhaj al-Da’awat but with little difference. However, the following copy is quoted from al-Balad al-Amin:\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِیْمِ اِلٰهِىْ كَمْ مِنْ عَدُوٍّ انْتَضٰى عَلَىَّ سَيْفَ عَدَاوَتِهِ وَشَحَذَ لِىْ ظُبَةَ مِدْيَتِهِ وَاَرْهَفَ لِىْ شَبَاحَدِّهِ وَدَافَ لِىْ قَوَاتِلَ سُمُوْمِهِ وَسَدَّدَ اِلَىَّ صَوَاۤئِبَ سِهَامِهِ وَلَمْ تَنَمْ عَنِّىْ عَيْنُ حِرَاسَتِهِ وَاَضْمَرَ اَنْ يَسُوْمَنِى الْمَكْرُوْهَ وَيُجَرِّعَنِّىْ ذُعَافَ مَرَارَتِهِ نَظَرْتَ اِلٰى ضَعْفِىْ عَنِ احْتِمَالِ الْفَوَادِحِ، وَعَجْزِىْ عَنِ الْاِنْتِصَارِ مِمَّنْ قَصَدَنِىْ بِمُحَارَبَتِهِ وَوَحْدَتِىْ فِىْ كَثِيْرٍ مِمَّنْ نَاوَانِىْ وَاَرْصَدَ لِىْ فِيْمَا لَمْ اُعْمِلْ فِكْرِىْ فِى الْاِ رْصَادِ لَهُمْ بِمِثْلِهِ فَاَيَّدْتَنِىْ بِقُوَّتِكَ وَشَدَدْتَ اَزْرِىْ بِنُصْرَتِكَ وَفَلَلْتَ لِىْ حَدَّهُ وَخَذَلْتَهُ بَعْدَ جَمْعِ عَدِيْدِهِ وَحَشْدِهِ واَعْلَيْتَ كَعْبِىْ عَلَيْهِ، وَوَجَّهْتَ مَا سَدَّدَ اِلَىَّ مِنْ مَكَاۤئِدِهِ اِلَيْهِ وَرَدَدْتَهُ عَلَيْهِ وَلَمْ يَشْفِ غَلِيْلَهُ وَلَمْ تَبْرُدْ حَزَازَاتُ غَيْظِهِ وَقَدْ عَضَّ عَلَىَّ اَنَامِلَهُ وَاَدْبَرَ مُوَلِّيًا قَدْ اَخْفَقَتْ سَرَايَاهُ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ بَاغٍ بَغَانِىْ بِمَكَاۤئِدِهِ وَنَصَبَ لِىْ اَشْرَاكَ مَصَاۤئِدِهِ وَوَكَّلَ بِىْ تَفَقُّدَ رِعَايَتِهِ، واَضْبَاۤءَ اِلَىَّ اِضْبَاۤءَ السَّبْعِ لِطَرِيْدَتِهِ اِنْتِظَارًا لِاِنْتِهَازِ فُرْصَتِهِ وَهُوَ يُظْهِرُ بَشَاشَةَ الْمَلَقِ وَيَبْسُطُ وَجْهًا غَيْرَ طَلِقٍ فَلَمَّا رَاَيْتَ دَغَلَ سَرِيْرَتِهِ وَقُبْحَ مَا انْطَوٰى عَلَيْهِ لِشَرِيْكِهِ فِىْ مِلَّتِهِ واَصْبَحَ مُجْلِبًا لِىْ فِىْ بَغْيِهِ اَرْكَسْتَهُ لِاُمِّ رَاْسِهِ وَاَتَيْتَ بُنْيَانَهُ مِنْ اَسَاسِهِ فَصَرَعْتَهُ فِىْ زُبْيَتِهِ وَرَدَّيْتَهُ فِىْ مَهْوٰى حُفْرَتِهِ وَجَعَلْتَ خَدَّهُ طَبَقًا لِتُرَابِ رِجْلِهِ وَشَغَلْتَهُ فِىْ بَدَنِهِ وَرِزْقِهِ وَرَمَيْتَهُ بِحَجَرِهِ وَخَنَقْتَهُ بِوَتَرِهِ وَذَكَّيْتَهُ بِمَشَاقِصِهِ وَكَبَبْتَهُ لِمَنْخِرِهِ وَرَدَدْتَ كَيْدَهُ فِىْ نَحْرِهِ وَرَبَقْتَهُ بِنَدَامَتِهِ وَفَسَاْتَهُ بِحَسْرَتِهِ فَاسْتَحْذَءَ وَتَضَاۤئَلَ بَعْدَ نَخْوَتِهِ وَانْقَمَعَ بَعْدَ اسْتِطَالَتِهِ ذَلِيْلًا مَاْسُوْرًا فِىْ رِبْقِ حِبَالَتِهِ الَّتِىْ كَانَ يُؤَمِّلُ اَنْ يَرَانِىْ فِيْهَا يَوْمَ سَطْوَتِهِ وَقَدْ كِدْتُ يَا رَبِّ لَوْ لَا رَحْمَتُكَ اَنْ يَحُلَّ بِىْ مَا حَلَّ بِسَاحَتِهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ، وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَايَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ ولِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّ اكِرِيْنَ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ حَاسِدٍ شَرِقَ بِحَسْرَتِهِ وَعَدُوٍّ شَجِىَ بِغَيْظِهِ وَسَلَقَنِىْ بِحَدِّ لِسَانِهِ وَوَخَزَنِىْ بِمُوْقِ عَيْنِهِ وَجَعَلَنِىْ غَرَضًا لِمَرَامِيْهِ وَقَلَّدَنِىْ خِلَالًا لَمْ تَزَلْ فِيْهِ نَادَيْتُكَ يَا رَبِّ مُسْتَجِيْرًا بِكَ وَاثِقًا بِسُرْعَةِ اِجَابَتِكَ مُتَوَكِّلًا عَلٰى مَا لَمْ اَزَلْ اَتَعَرَّفَهُ مِنْ حُسْنِ دِفَاعِكَ عَالِمًا اَنَّهُ لَا يُضْطَهَدُ مَنْ اَوٰى اِلٰى ظِلِّ كَنَفِكَ، وَلَنْ تَقْرَعَ الْحَوَادِثُ مَنْ لَجَاۤءَ اِلٰى مَعْقِلِ الْاِنْتِصَارِ بِكَ فَحَصَّنْتَنِىْ مِنْ بَاْسِهِ بِقُدْرَتِكَ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ۔ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ سَحَايِبِ مَكْرُوْهٍ جَلَّيْتَهَا وَسَمَاۤءِ نِعْمَةٍ اَمْطَرْتَهَا وَجَدَاوِلِ كَرَامَةٍ اَجْرَيْتَهَا وَاَعْيُنِ اَحْدَاثٍ طَمَسْتَهَا وَنَاشِيَةِ رَحْمَةٍ نَشَرْتَهَا وَجُنَّةِ عَافِيَةٍ اَلْبَسْتَهَا وَغَوَامِرِ كُرُبَاتٍ كَشَفْتَهَا وَاُمُوْرٍ جَارِيَةٍ قَدَّرْتَهَا لَمْ تُعْجِزْكَ اِذْ طَلَبْتَهَا وَلَمْ تَمْتَنِعْ مِنْكَ اِذْ اَرَدْتَهَا فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ، اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ ظَنٍّ حَسَنٍ حَقَّقْتَ وَمِنْ كَسْرِ اِمْلَاقٍ جَبَرْتَ وَمِنْ مَسْكَنَةٍ فَادِحَةٍ حَوَّلْتَ وَمِنْ صَرْعَةٍ مُهْلِكَةٍ نَعَشْتَ وَمِنْ مَشَقَّةٍ اَرَحْتَ لَاتُسْئَلُ عَمَّا تَفْعَلُ وَهُمْ يُسْئَلُوْنَ وَلَا يَنْقُصُكَ مَا اَنْفَقْتَ وَلَقَدْ سُئِلْتَ فَاَعْطَيْتَ وَلَمْ تُسْئَلْ فَابْتَدَاْتَ وَاسْتُمِيْحَ بَابُ فَضْلِكَ فَمَا اَكْدَيْتَ اَبَيْتَ اِلَّا اِنْعَامًا وَامْتَنَانًا وَاِلَّا تَطَوُّلًا يَا رَبِّ وَاِحْسَانًا وَاَبَيْتُ اِلَّا انْتِهَاكًا لِحُرُمَاتِكَ وَاجْتِرَاۤءً عَلٰى مَعَاصِيْكَ، وَتَعَدِّيًا لِحُدُوْدِكَ وَغَفْلَةً عَنْ وَعِيْدِكَ وَطَاعَةً لِعَدُوِّىْ وَعَدُوِّكَ لَمْ يَمْنَعْكَ يَا اِلٰهِىْ وَنَاصِرِىْ اِخْلَالِىْ بِالشُّكْرِ عَنْ اِتْمَامِ اِحْسَانِكَ وَلَا حَجَزَنِىْ ذٰلِكَ عَنْ اِرْتِكَابِ مَسَاخِطِكَ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَهٰذَا مَقَامُ عَبْدٍ ذَلِيْلٍ ۟اِعْتَرَفَ لَكَ بِالتَّوْحِيْدِ وَاَقَرَّ عَلٰى نَفْسِهِ بِالتَّقْصِيْرِ فِىْ اَدَاۤءِ حَقِّكَ وَشَهِدَ لَكَ بِسُبُوْغِ نِعْمَتِكَ عَلَيْهِ وَجَمِيْلِ عَادَتِكَ عِنْدَهُ واِحْسَانِكَ اِلَيْهِ فَهَبْ لِىْ يَاۤ اِلٰهِىْ وَسَيِّدِىْ مِنْ فَضْلِكَ مَا اُرِيْدُهُ اِلٰى رَحْمَتِكَ وَاتَّخِذُهُ سُلَّمًا اَعْرُجُ فِيْهِ اِلٰى مَرْضَاتِكَ وَ اٰمَنُ بِهِ مِنْ سَخَطِكَ بِعِزَّتِكَ وَطَوْلِكَ وَبِحَقِّ نَبِيِّكَ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَّى اللهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّ اكِرِيْنَ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ فِىْ كَرْبِ الْمَوْتِ وَحَشْرَجَةِ الصَّدْرِ، وَالنَّظَرِ اِلٰى مَا تَقْشَعِرُّ مِنْهُ الْجُلُوْدُ وَتَفْزَعُ لَهُ الْقُلُوْبُ وَاَنَا فِىْ عَافِيَةٍ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَايَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ۔ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ سَقِيْمًا مُوْجِعًا فِىْ اَنَّةٍ وَعَوِيْلٍ يَتَقَلَّبُ فِىْ غَمِّهِ لَا يَجِدُ مَحِيْصًا وَلَا يُسِيْغُ طَعَامًا وَلَا شَرَابًا وَاَنَا فِىْ صِحَّةٍ مِنَ الْبَدَنِ وَسَلَامَةٍ مِنَ الْعَيْشِ كُلُّ ذٰلِكَ مِنْكَ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَايُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَناةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ۔ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ خَاۤئِفًا مَرْعُوْبًا مُشْفِقًا وَجِلًا هَارِبًا طَرِيْدًا مُنْجَحِرًا فِىْ مَضِيْقٍ وَمَخْبَاَةٍ مِنَ الْمَخَابِىْ قَدْ ضَاقَتْ عَلَيْهِ الْاَرْضُ بِرُحْبِهَا لَايَجِدُ حِيْلَةً وَلَا مَنْجٰى وَلَا مَاْوٰى وَاَنَا فِىْ اَمْنٍ وَطُمَاْنِيْنَةٍ وَعَافِيَةٍ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَناةٍ لَايَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ۔ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّ اكِرِيْنَ اِلٰهِىْ وَسَيِّدِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ مَغْلُوْلًا مُكَبَّلًا فِى الْحَدِيْدِ بِاَيْدِى الْعُدَاةِ لَايَرْحَمُوْنَهُ فَقِيْدًا مِنْ اَهْلِهِ وَوَلَدِهِ مُنْقَطِعًا عَنْ اِخْوَانِهِ وَبَلَدِهِ يَتَوَقَّعُ كُلَّ سَاعَةٍ بِاَىِّ قَتْلَةٍ يُقْتَلُ وَبِاَىِّ مُثْلَةٍ يُمَثَّلُ بِهِ وَاَنَا فِىْ عَافِيَةٍ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدَرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَناةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ، صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّ اكِرِيْنَ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ يُقَاسِى الْحَرْبَ وَمُبَاشَرَةَ الْقِتَالِ بِنَفْسِهِ قَدْ غَشِيَتْهُ الْاَعْدَاۤءُ مِنْ كُلِّ جَانِبٍ بِالسُّيُوْفِ وَالرِّمَاحِ وَاٰلَةِ الْحَرْبِ يَتَقَعْقَعُ فِى الْحَدِيْدِ قَدْ بَلَغَ مَجْهُوْدَهُ لَا يَعْرِفُ حِيْلَةً وَلَا يَجِدُ مَهْرَبًا قَدْ اُدْنِفَ بِالْجِرَاحَاتِ اَوْ مُتَشَحِّطًا بِدَمِهِ تَحْتَ السَّنَابِكِ وَالْاَرْجُلِ يَتَمَنّٰى شَرْبَةً مِنْ مَاۤءٍ اَوْ نَظْرَةً اِلٰى اَهْلِهِ وَوَلَدِهِ لَا يَقْدِرُ عَلَيْهَا وَاَنَا فِىْ عَافِيَةٍ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ فِىْ ظُلُمَاتِ الْبِحَارِ وَعَوَاصِفِ الرِّيَاحِ وَالْاَهْوَالِ وَالْاَ مْوَاجِ يَتَوَقَّعُ الْغَرَقَ وَالْهَلَاكَ لَا يَقْدِرُ عَلٰى حِيْلَةٍ اَوْ مُبْتَلًى بِصَاعِقَةٍ اَوْ هَدْمٍ اَوْ حَرْقٍ اَوْ شَرْقٍ اَوْ خَسْفٍ اَوْ مَسْخٍ اَوْ قَذْفٍ وَاَنَا فِىْ عَافِيَةٍ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَجْعَلُ، صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ۔ اِلٰهِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ مُسَافِرًا شَاخِصًا عَنْ اَهْلِهِ وَوَلَدِهِ مُتَحَيِّرًا فِى الْمَفَاوِزِ تَاۤئِهًا مَعَ الْوُحُوْشِ وَالْبَهَاۤئِمِ وَالْهَوَآمِّ وَحِيْدًا فَرِيْدًا لَا يَعْرِفُ حِيْلَةً وَلَا يَهْتَدِىْ سَبِيْلًا اَوْ مُتَآذِّيًا بِبَرْدٍ اَوْ حَرٍّ اَوْ جُوْعٍ اَوْ عُرْىٍ اَوْ غَيْرِهِ مِنَ الشَّدَاۤئِدِ مِمَّاۤ اَنَا مِنْهُ خِلْوٌ فِىْ عَافِيَةٍ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا رَبِّ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ، وَذِىْ اَناةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ، صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ ولِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ۔اِلٰهِىْ وَسَيِّدِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ فَقِيْرًا عَاۤئِلًا عَارِيًا مُمْلِقًا مُخْفِقًا مَهْجُوْرًا جَاۤئِعًا ظَمْئَانَ يَنْتَظِرُ مَنْ يَعُوْدُ عَلَيْهِ بِفَضْلٍ اَوْ عَبْدٍ وَجِيْهٍ عِنْدَكَ هُوَ اَوْجَهُ مِنِّىْ عِنْدَكَ وَاَشَدُّ عِبَادَةً لَكَ، مَغْلُوْلًا مَقْهُوْرًا قَدْ حُمِّلَ ثِقْلًا مِنْ تَعَبِ الْعَنَاۤءِ وَشِدَّةِ الْعُبُوْدِيَّةِ وَكُلْفَةِ الرِّقِّ وَثِقْلِ الضَّرِيْبَةِ اَوْ مُبْتَلًا بِبَلَاۤ ءٍ شَدِيْدٍ لَا قِبَلَ لَهُ اِلَّا بِمَنِّكَ عَلَيْهِ وَاَنَا الْمَخْدُوْمُ الْمُنَعَّمُ الْمُعَافَى الْمُكَرَّمُ فِىْ عَافِيَةٍ مِمَّا هُوَ فِيْهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ۔ اِلٰهِىْ وَسَيِّدِىْ وَ كَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ عَلِيْلًا مَرِيْضًا سَقِيْمًا مُدْنِفًا عَلٰى فُرُشِ الْعِلَّةِ وَفِىْ لِبَاسِهَا يَتَقَلَّبُ يَمِيْنًا وَشِمَالًا لَا يَعْرِفُ شَيْئًا مِنْ لَذَّةِ الطَّعَامِ وَلَا مِنْ لَذَّةِ الشَّرَابِ يَنْظُرُ اِلٰى نَفْسِهِ حَسْرَةً لَايَسْتَطِيْعُ لَهَاضَرًّا وَلَا نَفْعًا وَاَنَا خِلْوٌ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ بِجُوْدِكَ وَكَرَمِكَ فَلَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ سُبْحَانَكَ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لَكَ مِنَ الْعَابِدِيْنَ وَلِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ وَارْحَمْنِىْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔ مَوْلَاىَ وَسَيِّدِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ وَقَدْ دَنَا يَوْمَهُ مِنْ حَتْفِهِ وَاَحْدَقَ بِهِ مَلَكُ الْمَوْتِ فِىْ اَعْوَانِهِ يُعَالِجُ سَكَرَاتِ الْمَوْتِ وَحِيَاضَهُ تَدُوْرُ عَيْنَاهُ يَمِيْنًا وَشِمَالًا يَنْظُرُ اِلٰى اَحِبَّاۤئِهِ وَاَوِدَّاۤئِهِ واَخِلَّاۤئِهِ قَدْ مُنِعَ مِنَ الْكَلَا مِ وَحُجِبَ عَنِ الْخِطَابِ يَنْظُرُ اِلٰى نَفْسِهِ حَسْرَةً لَايَسْتَطِيْعُ لَهَا ضَرًّا وَلَا نَفْعًا وَاَنَا خِلْوٌ مِنْ ذٰلِكَكُلِّهِ بِجُوْدِكَ وَكَرَمِكَ فَلَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ سُبْحَانَكَ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ وَارْحَمْنِىْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔ مَوْلَاىَ وَسَيِّدِىْ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ فِىْ مَضَاۤئِقِ الْحُبُوْسِ وَالسُّجُوْنِ وَكُرَبِهَا وَذُلِّهَا وَحَدِيْدِهَا يَتَدَاوَلُهُ اَعْوَانُهَا وَزَبَانِيَتُهَا فَلَا يَدْرِىْ اَىُّ حَالٍ يُفْعَلُ بِهِ وَاَىُّ مُثْلَةٍ يُمَثَّلُ بِهِ فَهُوَ فِىْ ضُرٍّ مِنَ الْعَيْشِ وَضَنْكٍ مِنَ الْحَيٰوةِ يَنْظُرُ اِلٰى نَفْسِهِ حَسْرَةً لَايَسْتَطِيْعُ لَهَا ضَرًّا وَلَا نَفْعًا وَاَنَا خِلْوٌ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ بِجُوْدِكَ وَكَرَمِكَ فَلَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ سُبْحَانَكَ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَنَاةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لَكَ مِنَ الْعَابِدِيْنَ ولِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ وَارْحَمْنِىْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔ سَيِّدِىْ وَمَوْلَاىَ وَكَمْ مِنْ عَبْدٍ اَمْسٰى وَاَصْبَحَ قَدِ اسْتَمَرَّ عَلَيْهِ الْقَضَاۤءُ وَاَحْدَقَ بِهِ الْبَلَاۤءُ وَفَارَقَ اَوِدَّ اۤئَهُ وَاَحِبَّاۤئَهُ وَاَخِلَّاۤئَهُ وَاَمْسٰى اَسِيْرًا حَقِيْرًا ذَلِيْلًا فِىْ اَيْدِى الْكُفَّارِ وَالْاَعْدَاۤءِ يَتَدَاوَلُوْنَهُ يَمِيْنًا وَشِمَالًا قَدْ حُصِرَ فِى الْمَطَامِيْرِ وَثُقِّلَ بِالْحَدِيْدِ لَا يَرٰى شَيْئًا مِنْ ضِيَاۤءِ الدُّنْيَا وَلَا مِنْ رَوْحِهَا يَنْظُرُ اِلٰى نَفْسِهِ حَسْرَةً لَا يَسْتَطِيْعُ لَهَا ضَرًّا وَلَا نَفْعًا وَاَنَا خِلْوٌ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ بِجُوْدِكَ وَكَرَمِكَ فَلَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ سُبْحَانَكَ مِنْ مُقْتَدِرٍ لَا يُغْلَبُ وَذِىْ اَناةٍ لَا يَعْجَلُ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لَكَ مِنَ الْعَابِدِيْنَ وَلِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ، وَلِٰالَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ وَارْحَمْنِىْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ وَعِزَّتِكَ يَا كَرِيْمُ لَاَطْلُبَنَّ مِمَّا لَدَيْكَ وَلَاُلِحَّنَّ عَلَيْكَ وَلَاَمُدَّنَّ يَدِىْ نَحْوَكَ مَعَ جُرْمِهَا اِلَيْكَ يَا رَبِّ فَبِمَنْ اَعُوْذُ وَبِمَنْ اَلُوْذُ لَاۤ اَجِدُ لِىْ اِلَّااَنْتَ اَفَتَرُدُّنِىْ وَاَنْتَ مُعَوَّلِىْ وَعَلَيْكَ مُتَّكَ لِىْ اَسْئَلُكَ بِاسْمِكَ الَّذِىْ وَضَعْتَهُ عَلَى السَّمَاۤءِ فَاسْتَقَلَّتْ وَعَلَى الْاَرْضِ فَاسْتَقَرَّتْ وَعَلَى الْجِبَالِ فَرَسَتْ وَعَلَى اللَّيْلِ فَاَظْلَمَ وَعَلَى النَّهَارِ فَاسْتَنَارَ اَنْ تُصَلِّىَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمِّدٍ وَاَنْ تَقْضِىَ لِىْ حَوَاۤئِجِىْ كُلَّهَا وَتَغْفِرَ لِىْ ذُنُوْبِىْ كُلَّهَا صَغِيْرَهَا وَكَبِيْرَهَا وَتُوَسِّعَ عَلَىَّ مِنَ الرِّزْقِ مَا تُبَلِّغُنِىْ بِهِ شَرَفَ الدُّنْيَا وَالْاٰخِرَةِ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔ مَوْلَاىَ بِكَ اسْتَعَنْتُ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاَعِنِّىْ وَبِكَ اسْتَجَرْتُ فَاَجِرْنِىْ وَاَغْنِنِىْ بِطَاعَتِكَ عَنْ طَاعَةِ عِبَادِكَ وَبِمَسْئَلَتِكَ عَنْ مَسْئَلَةِ خَلْقِكَ وَانْقُلْنِىْ مِنْ ذُلِّ الْفَقْرِ اِلٰى عِزِّ الْغِنٰى وَمِنْ ذُلِّ الْمَعَاصِىْ اِلٰى عِزِّ الطَّاعَةِ فَقَدْ فَضَّلْتَنِىْ عَلٰى كَثِيْرٍ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ جُوْدًا مِنْكَ وَكَرَمًا لَا بِاسْتِحْقَاقٍ مِنِّىْ اِلٰهِىْ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاجْعَلْنِىْ لِنَعْمَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ وَلِاٰلَاۤئِكَ مِنَ الذَّ اكِرِيْنَ ۔--You should then prostrate yourself and say the following:\r\n\r\n--سَجَدَ وَجْهِىَ الذَّلِيْلُ لِوَجْهِكَ الْعَزِيْزِ الْجَلِيْلِ سَجَدَ وَجْهِىَ الْبَالِى الْفَانِىْ لِوَجْهِكَ الدَّاۤئِمِ الْبَاقِىْ سَجَدَ وَجْهِىَ الْفَقِيْرُ لِوَجْهِكَ الْغَنِىِّ الْكَبِيْرِ سَجَدَ وَجْهِىْ وَسَمْعِىْ وَبَصَرِىْ وَلَحْمِىْ وَدَمِىْ وَجِلْدِىْ وَعَظْمِىْ وَمَا اَقَلَّتِ الْاَرْضُ مِنِّى لِلّٰهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ عُدْ عَلٰى جَهْلِىْ بِحِلْمِكَ وَعَلٰى فَقْرِىْ بِغِنَاكَ وَعَلٰى ذُلِّىْ بِعِزِّكَ وَسُلْطَانِكَ وَعَلٰى ضَعْفِىْ بِقُوَّتِكَ وَعَلٰى خَوْفِىْ بِاَمْنِكَ وَعَلٰى ذُنُوْبِىْ وَخَطَايَاىَ بِعَفْوِكَ وَرَحْمَتِكَ يَا رَحْمٰنُ يَا رَحِيْمُ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّىْ اَدْرَاُبِكَ فِى نَحْرِ--Now, you may mention the name of your enemy.\r\n\r\n--وَاَعُوُذُ بِكَ مِنْ شَرِّهِ فَاكْفِنِيْهِ بِمَا كَفَيْتَ بِهِ اَنْبِيَاۤئَكَ وَاَوْلِيَاۤئَكَ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ وَصَالِحِىْ عِبَادِكَ مِنْ فَرَاعِنَةِ خَلْقِكَ وَطُغَاةِ عُدَاتِكَ وَشَرِّ جَمِيْعِ خَلْقِكَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اِنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَىْءٍ قَدِيْرٌ وَحَسْبُنَا اللهُ وَنِعْمَ الْوَكِيْلُ۔", 
    "audio": "http://www.ya-mahdi.net/apps_audio/j_sagir.mp3", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The Supplication of the Minor Chain-Armor.\r\n\r\nThe commentary on this supplicatory prayer in the most reliable books of supplications has been more elaborate than the commentary mentioned for the supplicatory prayer of al-Jawshan al-Kabir. As a footnote, al-Kaf’ami, in al-Balad al-Amin, says, “This excellent supplicatory prayer is highly considered. It was said by Imam Musa al-Kazim (a.s.) when al-Hadi, the ‘Abbasid ruler, intended to assassin him. Hence, the Imam (a.s.) saw in dream his grandfather, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), who foretold that Almighty Allah would annihilate his enemy.”\r\n\r\nIt is also recorded in Sayyid Ibn Tawus’s book of Muhaj al-Da’awat but with little difference. However, the following copy is quoted from al-Balad al-Amin:\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah, the All-beneficent, the All-merciful. O my God, many an enemy unsheathed the sword of his hostility against me, honed his dagger's edge against me, sharpened the heads of his weapons against me, mixed for me his deadly poisons, leveled at me his hitting arrow, kept a sleepless eye on me, and decided secretly to target harm to me and to make me taste the deadly poison of his bitterness. [Amid all that] You considered that I am too weak to bear hardships, I am too short to have aid against him who aimed at attacking me, and You perceived my loneliness to confront many of those who incurred my hostility and laid in wait for me, while I have not been ready to give any thought to sitting in ambush and retaliating. So, You came to stand by me with Your might, made me strong through Your support, notched his sharpness against me, disappointed him although he concentrated all his troops and crowds, You gave me the upper hand over him, directed toward him the same traps that he had laid for me, and caused him to be engaged with his own traps. Thus, he could not quench his thirst, did not assuage the fury of his anger, bit his thumb [out of his malice toward me], and turned his back fleeing after his pennons had failed. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. O my God, many a tyrannical oppressor made me the target of his oppressive trickeries, set the traps of his hunting for me, continuously spied on me, and waylaid me like a beast waylaying its prey in waiting for seizing the best opportunity [to catch me], While he was showing me happy mien flatteringly and displaying an uncheerful face. So, when You saw ill intention of his inner self and the ugliness of his determination against his partner in religion, and he became resolute in tyranny against me, You threw him down headlong and demolished his structure from its foundation. So, You knocked him down while he was in loftiness, made him fall in the bottomless depth of his hole, caused his face to be a cover of his foot’s dust, caused him to be engaged with his body and his earnings, hurled him with his own stone, suffocated him with his own rope, slaughtered him with his own arrowhead, overturned him to his nose, turned his plot to his own neck, lassoed him with his remorse, and stretched him with is regret. So, he became lowly and dwindled after his arrogance, was crushed after his haughtiness; humble and captured in the lasso of his trap in which he expected to see me in the days of his influence. In fact, O my Lord, I was—had it not been for Your mercy— about to encounter the same as he had encountered. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. O my God, many an envier choked with his regret and an enemy became grieved out of his fury, smit me with his sharp tongue, pricked me with the inner corner of his eye, made me the object of his intentions, and gird me with dispositions that are still his. Therefore, I called upon You, O my Lord, seeking Your shelter, having full confidence in the immediateness of Your response, trusting in that which I am still receiving from You; namely, the excellence of Your defense of me, having full knowledge that whoever harbors under the shade of Your protection will never be persecuted, and whoever takes refuge in the fortress of the seeking of Your support will never be exposed to the strikes of misfortunes. So, You safeguarded me from his prowess with Your omnipotence. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. O my God, many clouds of misfortune You have dispersed, much rain of bliss You have poured, many streams of conferral You have made flow, many springs of troubles You have effaced, many launches of mercy You have spread, many armors of wellbeing You have adorned [us with], many overwhelming calamities You have removed, and many continual events of goodness You have decided. They would never render You impotent when You determined them to happen, and could never stop responding to You when You wanted them to be. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. O my God, many an excellent hope You have achieved, many breaking poverty You have set, many gross neediness You have shunted, many destructive blows You have revived (me from them), and many hardships You have relieved (me of them). You cannot be questioned concerning that which You do and they shall be questioned. That which You spend never decreases You. When You have been besought, You gave; and although You have not been besought, You took the initiative to give. When the door of Your favoring was knocked, You have not withheld. You have insisted on nothing but favoring and bestowal and You, O my Lord, have also insisted on giving generously and beneficently. But as for me, I insisted on nothing but violation of Your prohibitions, daring to commit acts of disobedience to You, transgressing Your limits, passing over Your threats, and obeying Your and my enemy. My failure to be thankful to You has not made You, O my God and Helper, stop perfecting Your favors on me. Likewise, this has not prevented me from committing sins that You dislike. O my God, this is the situation of a humble servant [of You], who professes Your Oneness, confesses of his failure to carry out his duty towards You, and testifies to Your ample favoring on him, Your excellent habits in treating him, and Your bestowal of graces upon him. So, my God and Master, confer upon me an amount of Your benevolence that I can use as a path taking me to Your mercy, as a ladder by which I ascend to Your satisfaction, and I can be secured from Your wrath in the name of Your might and supremacy and in the name of Your Prophet, Muhammad, may Your blessings be upon him and his Household. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. My God, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns suffering the agony of death, and the rattles of death, experiencing that which shudders the skins and horrifies the hearts; but I am safe from all that. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. My God, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns ailing and feeling pain with moans and wails, and is rolling over and over with anguish; neither finding any way of escaping it nor is he finding the taste of any food or drink; while I am enjoying body health and safe living. All that [wellbeing] is from You. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. O my God, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns fearful, frightened, terrified, scared, fugitive, runaway, hiding in a tight burrow or in an ordinary den; while the entire spacious earth has become too narrow to secure him a place. He thus cannot devise any plan or find any shelter or retreat. While I am living in security, tranquility, and good health; all of which is from You. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. O my God and Master, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns enchained and shackled in iron shackles in the hands of his enemies whom show him no mercy; [and he is] separated from his family members and children and detached from his friends and country; each hour, he wonders what kind of killing he will be killed and what kind of mutilation he will be mutilated. But I am safe from all this. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. My God, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns contending in war, conducting the fighting by himself, and is surrounded by enemies from all sides with swords, spears, and instruments of wars. He is trembling inside iron [i.e. his armor], and trying desperately to do everything possible. He cannot find any further means and cannot find any escape. He is seriously experiencing wounds or is totally covered with his blood [struggling] under the toes of the hooves and under feet; he desires a drink of water or a look at his folk and children but he cannot get it. While I am safe from all that. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. My God, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns living in the darkness of seas, in the storms of winds, and in horrors and billows; anticipating drowning and perdition; he does not have any means in his power; or is afflicted with a thunderbolt, demolition, burning, or choking, swallowing of the earth, deformation, or striking. While I am safe from all that. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. My God, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns on journeys, far away from his family members and sons, bewildered in deserts, wandering with beasts, wild animals, and pests, alone and forlorn; he can find no way out nor can he follow any right path; or is suffering cold, hot weather, hunger, nudity, or other sorts of tribulations of which I am free; and I am released from all that. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. My God, Master, and Lord, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns poor, needy, naked, deprived, abortive, abandoned, hungry, and thirsty; expecting someone to bestow a favor upon him; or many a slave—who enjoys a high standing with You or who is superior in prominence than I am in Your view and more worshipping for You than I am- is chained and subdued; he has been overloaded with the exhaustion of pains, the hardship of slavery, the encumbrance of serfdom, and the burden of imposition; or is encountering a hard tribulation that he cannot stand except by a favor that You bestow upon him; while I am served, turning in bliss, relieved from that, honored, and released from what that one suffers. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. My God and Master, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns homeless, fugitive, confused, bewildered, hungry, and afraid in deserts and wild lands; he is burnt by hot and cold weather while he is suffering harsh living, barely sufficient manner of living, and humble position; he looks at himself with grief because he cannot make any harm or benefit to himself; but I am free from all that on account of Your magnanimity and generosity. So, all praise be to You, O Lord; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces; and have mercy upon me, by Your mercy; O most Merciful of all those who show mercy. My God and Master, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns ailing, ill, sick, and seriously unwell; [laid] on the bed of ailment and dressed with it; he turns right and left [unrestfully] and cannot find the good taste of food or the good taste of drink; he looks at himself with grief because he cannot make any harm or benefit to himself. While I am free from all that on account of Your magnanimity and generosity. So, there is no god save You. All glory be to You; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with the worshippers of You, those who are thankful for Your bounties, and those who permanently mention Your graces; and have mercy upon me, by Your mercy; O most Merciful of all those who show mercy. My Lord and Master, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns receiving the day of his death; and the Angel of Death and his assistants are gazing at him; he is thus suffering the agonies and pains of death. His eyes are turning right and left, looking at his dear, beloved, and intimate friends; he is restrained from ability to talk and withheld from speaking. He looks at himself with grief because he cannot make any harm or benefit to himself; but I am free from all that on account of Your magnanimity and generosity. So, there is no god save You. All glory be to You; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces; and have mercy upon me, by Your mercy. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! My God, Lord, and Master, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns in the straits of jails and prisons and in their agonies, humiliation, and iron; controlled by their keepers and guards; so, he has no idea what will be done to him and which punishment will be set upon him. He is suffering harsh living and barely sufficient manner of living. He looks at himself with grief because he cannot make any harm or benefit to himself; but I am free from all that on account of Your magnanimity and generosity. So, there is no god save You. All glory be to You; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with the worshippers of You, those who are thankful for Your bounties, and those who permanently mention Your graces; and have mercy upon me, by Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy. My God, Lord, and Master, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns permanently suffering under the vicissitudes of time, surrounded by hardships, departing his dear, beloved, and intimate friends, receiving the evenings while he is imprisoned, humiliated, and lowly, in the hands of the unbelievers and the enemies who dominate him from the right and the left; he has been locked up in cellars and overloaded with iron (shackles); he cannot see any of the light of the world nor any of its rest; he looks at himself with grief because he cannot make any harm or benefit to himself; but I am free from all that on account of Your magnanimity and generosity. So, there is no god save You. All glory be to You; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with the worshippers of You, those who are thankful for Your bounties, and those who permanently mention Your graces; and have mercy upon me, by Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy. My God, Lord, and Master; many a servant [of You] in eves and morns has desirously longed for the worldly pleasures that he risked himself and his property out of his greediness of them (i.e. these pleasures). He thus embarked on a ship, which was then broken; so, he is in the horizons and murk of oceans; he looks at himself with grief because he cannot make any harm or benefit to himself; but I am free from all that on account of Your magnanimity and generosity. So, there is no god save You. All glory be to You; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with the worshippers of You, those who are thankful for Your bounties, and those who permanently mention Your graces; and have mercy upon me, by Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy. My God, Lord, and Master, many a servant [of You] is in eves and morns permanently suffering under the vicissitudes of time and is surrounded by hardships, unbelievers, and enemies; and is taken up by spears, swords, and arrows; and he was then knocked down and thrown to the ground. The soil swallowed his blood and beasts and birds munched his flesh. But I am free from all that on account of Your magnanimity and generosity although I do not deserve it. O He save Whom there is no god. All glory be to You; You are invulnerably Omnipotent and prudently Forbearing. Bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces; and have mercy upon me, by Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy; and by Your might; O All-generous. I will insistently ask for that which is with You, persist on You, and extend my hand towards You, although it has committed offenses against You. O my Lord, whose protection should I seek and whose refuge should I take? None can stand for me save You. Will You reject me while You are my one and only confidence and upon You alone do I rely? I thus beseech You in the name of Your Name that when You put it on the heavens, they raised, when You put it on the earth, it settled down, when You put it on the mountains, they became firm, when You put it on the night, it darkled, and when You put it on the daylight, it lit up, [I beseech You] to bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, satisfy all my wants, forgive all my sins, the trivial and the significant, and expand my sustenance to the scope that I can attain the honor of this world and the Hereafter. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! My Master, Your help do I seek; so, bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and help me! Your protection do I seek; so, (please) protect me. Through my obedience to You, (please) suffice me from obedience to Your servants. Through my entreaty to You; (please) suffice me from beseeching Your creatures. Transfer me from the humiliation of poverty to the honor of richness and from the humiliation of acts of disobedience to You to the honor of obedience to You. You have really given me preference over many of Your creatures out of Your magnanimity and generosity, although I do not deserve it. My God, all praise be to You for all that. (Please) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and include me with those who are thankful for Your bounties and those who permanently mention Your graces. \r\n\r\nYou should then prostrate yourself and say the following:\r\n\r\nMy lowly face is humbly prostrating before Your All-majestic and Almighty Face. My rotten, mortal face is prostrating before Your Everlasting, Eternal Face. My poor face is prostrating before Your Alldependent and Allgreat Face. Prostrating are my face, my hearing, my sight, my flesh, my blood, my skin, my bones, and whatever part of me that is carried by the earth before Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. O Allah, return upon my ignorance with Your indulgence, upon my neediness with Your self-sufficiency, upon my humiliation with Your Almightiness and Authority, upon my powerlessness with Your omnipotence, upon my fearfulness with Your security, and upon my sins and offenses with Your pardon and mercy. O All-beneficent! O All-merciful! O Allah, I seek You to protect me against... \r\n\r\nNow, you may mention the name of your enemy.\r\n\r\nI seek Your protection against his evils; so, (please) save me from him just as You have saved Your Prophets, Your intimate servants among Your creatures, and Your righteous servants against the tyrants amongst Your creatures, and the oppressors amongst Your enemies and against the evil of all Your creatures. [I ask You] in the name of Your mercy; O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! Verily, You have power over all things. Sufficient unto us is Allah; He is the best protector. "
}