{
    "content": "Imam Musa al-Kazim’s supplicatory prayer for urgent response:\r\n\r\nShaykh al-Kaf’ami, in al-Balad al-Amin, has mentioned a supplicatory prayer that is reported from Imam Musa al-Kazim (a.s.), commenting that it of great importance and it achieves swiftness in response:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَطَعْتُكَ فِيْۤ اَحَبِّ الْاَشْيَاۤءِ اِلَيْكَ وَ هُوَ التَّوْحِيْدُ وَ لَمْ اَعْصِكَ فِيْۤ اَبْغَضِ الْاَشْيَاۤءِ اِلَيْكَ وَ هُوَ الْكُفْرُ فَاغْفِرْ لِيْ مَا بَيْنَهُمَا يَا مَنْ اِلَيْهِ مَفَرِّيْ اٰمِنِّيْ مِمَّا فَزِعْتُ مِنْهُ اِلَيْكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اغْفِرْ لِيَ الْكَثِيْرَ مِنْ مَعَاصِيْكَ وَ اقْبَلْ مِنِّيْ الْيَسِيْرَ مِنْ طَاعَتِكَ يَا عُدَّتِيْ دُوْنَ الْعُدَدِ وَ يَا رَجَاۤئِيْ وَ الْمُعْتَمَدَ وَ يَا كَهْفِيْ وَ السَّنَدَ وَ يَا وَاحِدُ يَاۤ اَحَدُ يَا قُلْ هُوَ اللهُ اَحَدٌ اَللهُ الصَّمَدُ لَمْ يَلِدْ وَ لَمْ يُوْلَدْ وَ لَمْ يَكُنْ لَهُ كُفُوًا اَحَدٌ، اَسْاَلُكَ بِحَقِّ مَنِ اصْطَفَيْتَهُمْ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ وَ لَمْ تَجْعَلْ فِيْ خَلْقِكَ مِثْلَهُمْ اَحَدًا اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ تَفْعَلَ بِيْ مَاۤ اَنْتَ اَهْلُهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِالْوَحْدَانِيَّةِ الْكُبْرٰى وَ الْمُحَمَّدِيَّةِ الْبَيْضَاۤءِ وَ الْعَلَوِيَّةِ الْعُلْيَا [الْعَلْيَاۤءِ] وَ بِجَمِيْعِ مَا احْتَجَجْتَ بِهِ عَلٰى عِبَادِكَ وَ بِالْاِسْمِ الَّذِيْ حَجَبْتَهُ عَنْ خَلْقِكَ فَلَمْ يَخْرُجْ مِنْكَ اِلَّاۤ اِلَيْكَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اجْعَلْ لِيْ مِنْ اَمْرِيْ فَرَجًا وَ مَخْرَجًا وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ مِنْ حَيْثُ اَحْتَسِبُ وَ مِنْ حَيْثُ لَاۤ اَحْتَسِبُ اِنَّكَ تَرْزُقُ مَنْ تَشَاۤءُ بِغَيْرِ حِسَابٍ۔--You may then mentioned your needs.", 
    "audio": "http://www.ya-mahdi.net/apps_audio/saralejabe.mp3", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Imam Musa al-Kazim’s supplicatory prayer for urgent response:\r\n\r\nShaykh al-Kaf’ami, in al-Balad al-Amin, has mentioned a supplicatory prayer that is reported from Imam Musa al-Kazim (a.s.), commenting that it of great importance and it achieves swiftness in response:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I have certainly obeyed You in the most beloved thing to You, which is Your Oneness. I have not disobeyed you in the most hateful thing to You, which is atheism. So, (please do) forgive me all that which lies between these two. O He to Whom is my alternative, (please do) secure me against that from which I have escaped to You. O Allah, forgive me the many acts of disobedience to You that I have committed and accept from me the few acts of obedience to You that I have done. O my one and only expedient! O my Hope and my Reliance! O my Shelter and my Support! O One! O One and Only! O “Say: He, Allah, is One. Allah is He on Whom all depend. He begets not, nor is He begotten. And none is like Him.” I pray You, in the name of those whom You had selected from among Your beings after You never created their examples amongst all of Your beings, to bless Muhammad and his Household, and to do to me all that which suits You. O Allah, I verily pray You in the name of the Grand Oneness, the White Mohammedanism, the Elevated 'Alawism, in the name of all that which You have used as arguments against Your servants, and in the Name that You have concealed from Your creatures and thus it has never left You save that under Your permission (I pray You by all these) to send blessings to Muhammad and his Household, make for me relief and exit as regarding my affair, and grant me sustenance from whence I expect and from whence I do not expect. Verily, You give sustenance to whom You please without measure. \r\n\r\nYou may then mentioned your needs."
}