{
    "content": "Sayyid Ibn Tawus, may Allah have mercy on him, has narrated, through an authenticated chain of authority, that when he was asked about Ja’far al-Tayyar’s Prayer, Imam al-Rida(a.s.) said, “Have you known about the Holy Prophet’s Prayer? Perhaps, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) had never offered Ja’far al-Tayyar’s Prayer and Ja’far al-Tayyar had never offered the Holy Prophet’s Prayer.” When the asker asked him to teach him that prayer, Imam al-Rida(a.s.) said,\r\n\r\nOffer a two-unit prayer reciting in each unit Surah al-Faatehah (No. 1) once and Surah al-Qadr (No. 97) fifteen times. When you come to the Ruku’ (genuflection (ruku')), repeat it (i.e. Surah al-Qadr) fifteen times; when you raise your body after the Ruku’, recite it fifteen times; when you do the Sujud (prostration), repeat it fifteen times; when you raise your head from the Sujud, repeat it fifteen times; when you do the second prostration, repeat it fifteen times; and when you raise your head from the second prostration, repeat it fifteen times. When you finish your prayer, you will have all your sins forgiven by Almighty Allah and you will have all your requests granted for you. The supplication that should be said thereafter is as follows:\r\n\r\n--لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ رَبُّنَا وَ رَبُّ اٰبَاۤئِنَا الْاَوَّلِيْنَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ اِلٰهًا وَاحِدًا وَ نَحْنُ لَهُ مُسْلِمُوْنَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ لَا نَعْبُدُ اِلَّاۤ اِيَّاهُ مُخْلِصِيْنَ لَهُ الدِّيْنَ وَ لَوْ كَرِهَ الْمُشْرِكُوْنَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللهُ وَحْدَهُ وَحْدَهُ وَحْدَهُ اَنْجَزَ وَعْدَهُ وَ نَصَرَ عَبْدَهُ وَ اَعَزَّ جُنْدَهُ وَ هَزَمَ الْاَحْزَابَ وَحْدَهُ فَلَهُ الْمُلْكُ وَ لَهُ الْحَمْدُ وَ هُوَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ قَدِيْرٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ نُوْرُ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَ الْاَرْضِ وَ مَنْ فِيْهِنَّ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ [وَ لِلّٰهِ الْمُلْكُ وَ الْحَمْدُ] وَ اَنْتَ قَيَّامُ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَ الْاَرْضِ وَ مَنْ فِيْهِنَّ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ وَ اَنْتَ الْحَقُّ وَ وَعْدُكَ الْحَقُّ [حَقٌ‏]، وَ قَوْلُكَ حَقٌّ وَ اِنْجَازُكَ حَقٌّ وَ الْجَنَّةُ حَقٌّ وَ النَّارُ حَقٌّ [وَ اَنْتَ الْحَقُّ‏] اَللّٰهُمَّ لَكَ اَسْلَمْتُ وَ بِكَ اٰمَنْتُ وَ عَلَيْكَ تَوَكَّلْتُ وَ بِكَ خَاصَمْتُ وَ اِلَيْكَ حَاكَمْتُ يَا رَبِّ يَا رَبِّ يَا رَبِّ اغْفِرْ لِيْ مَا قَدَّمْتُ وَ اَخَّرْتُ وَ اَسْرَرْتُ وَ اَعْلَنْتُ اَنْتَ اِلٰهِيْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اغْفِرْ لِيْ وَ ارْحَمْنِي وَ تُبْ عَلَيَّ اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ التَّوَّابُ الرَّحِيْمُ ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Sayyid Ibn Tawus, may Allah have mercy on him, has narrated, through an authenticated chain of authority, that when he was asked about Ja’far al-Tayyar’s Prayer, Imam al-Rida (a.s.) said, “Have you known about the Holy Prophet’s Prayer? Perhaps, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) had never offered Ja’far al-Tayyar’s Prayer and Ja’far al-Tayyar had never offered the Holy Prophet’s Prayer.” When the asker asked him to teach him that prayer, Imam al-Rida (a.s.) said,\r\n\r\nOffer a two-unit prayer reciting in each unit Surah al-Faatehah (No. 1) once and Surah al-Qadr (No. 97) fifteen times. When you come to the Ruku’ (genuflection), repeat it (i.e. Surah al-Qadr) fifteen times; when you raise your body after the Ruku’, recite it fifteen times; when you do the Sujud (prostration), repeat it fifteen times; when you raise your head from the Sujud, repeat it fifteen times; when you do the second prostration, repeat it fifteen times; and when you raise your head from the second prostration, repeat it fifteen times. When you finish your prayer, you will have all your sins forgiven by Almighty Allah and you will have all your requests granted for you. The supplication that should be said thereafter is as follows:\r\n\r\nThere is no god save Allah; our Lord and the Lord of our fathers of old. There is no god save Allah; one God, and to Him are we submissive. There is no god save Allah; we worship none save Him, making our devotion sincere as in His sight even though the polytheists may detest it. There is no god save Allah; alone, alone, alone, He has truly fulfilled His promise, granted His servant victory, made powerful His soldiers, and defeated the parties alone. All sovereignty be His and all praise be to Him. And He has power over all things. O Allah, You are the Light of the heavens and the earth and whatever is in these two. So, all praise be to You. And You are the Fashioner of the heavens and the earth and whatever exists in these two. So, all praise be to You. You are the (utter) Truth, Your promise is utterly true, Your word is true, Your fulfillment is true, Paradise is true, and Hellfire is true. O Allah, to You have I surrendered, in You do I believe, on You do I rely, for Your sake do I dispute, and Your Judgement do I seek. O my Lord; O my Lord; O my Lord; (please) forgive me my past and next sins and my hidden and open ones. You are verily my God; there is no god save You. Send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, forgive me, have mercy on me, and accept my repentance. Verily, You are the Oft-Returning, the Most Merciful. "
}