{
    "content": "Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus have recorded that Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq(a.s.) said: One who offers the four-unit prayer of Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen(a.s.) will be as free of sins as newborns and will have all his requests granted. In the first unit, recite Surah al-Faatehah (No. 1) once and repeat Surah al-Tawheed (No. 112) fifty times. On accomplishment, say the following litany of Imam Ali, peace be upon him:\r\n\r\n--سُبْحَانَ مَنْ لَا تَبِيْدُ مَعَالِمُهُ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ لَا تَنْقُصُ خَزَاۤئِنُهُ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ لَا اضْمِحْلَالَ لِفَخْرِهِ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ لَا يَنْفَدُ مَا عِنْدَهُ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ لَا انْقِطَاعَ لِمُدَّتِهِ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ لَا يُشَارِكُ اَحَدًا فِي اَمْرِهِ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ غَيْرُهُ--Thereafter, say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--يَا مَنْ عَفَا عَنِ السَّيِّئَاتِ وَ لَمْ يُجَازِ بِهَا اِرْحَمْ عَبْدَكَ يَا اَللهُ نَفْسِيْ نَفْسِيْ اَنَا عَبْدُكَ يَا سَيِّدَاهُ اَنَا عَبْدُكَ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ اَيَا رَبَّاهُ، اِلٰهِيْ بِكَيْنُوْنَتِكَ يَا اَمَلَاهُ يَا رَحْمَانَاهُ يَا غِيَاثَاهُ عَبْدُكَ عَبْدُكَ لَا حِيْلَةَ لَهُ يَا مُنْتَهٰى رَغْبَتَاهُ يَا مُجْرِيَ الدَّمِ فِي عُرُوْقِي [عَبْدُكَ‏] يَا سَيِّدَاهُ يَا مَالِكَاهُ اَيَا هُوَ اَيَا هُوَ يَا رَبَّاهُ عَبْدُكَ عَبْدُكَ لَا حِيْلَةَ لِيْ وَ لَا غِنٰى بِيْ عَنْ نَفْسِيْ وَ لَا اَسْتَطِيْعُ لَهَا ضَرًّا وَ لَا نَفْعًا وَ لَا اَجِدُ مَنْ اُصَانِعُهُ تَقَطَّعَتْ اَسْبَابُ الْخَدَاۤئِعِ عَنِّي وَ اضْمَحَلَّ كُلُّ مَظْنُوْنٍ عَنِّي اَفْرَدَنِي الدَّهْرُ اِلَيْكَ فَقُمْتُ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ هٰذَا الْمَقَامَ يَا اِلٰهِيْ بِعِلْمِكَ كَانَ هٰذَا كُلُّهُ فَكَيْفَ اَنْتَ صَانِعٌ بِيْ وَ لَيْتَ شِعْرِيْ كَيْفَ تَقُوْلُ لِدُعَاۤئِي اَ تَقُوْلُ نَعَمْ اَمْ تَقُوْلُ لَا، فَاِنْ قُلْتَ لَا فَيَا وَيْلِيْ يَا وَيْلِيْ يَا وَيْلِيْ يَا عَوْلِيْ يَا عَوْلِيْ يَا عَوْلِيْ يَا شِقْوَتِيْ يَا شِقْوَتِيْ يَا شِقْوَتِيْ يَا ذُلِّيْ يَا ذُلِّيْ يَا ذُلِّيْ اِلٰى مَنْ وَ مِمَّنْ اَوْ عِنْدَ مَنْ اَوْ كَيْفَ اَوْ مَا ذَا اَوْ اِلٰى اَيِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ اَلْجَاُ وَ مَنْ اَرْجُوْ وَ مَنْ يَجُوْدُ عَلَيَّ بِفَضْلِهِ حِيْنَ تَرْفُضُنِيْ يَا وَاسِعَ الْمَغْفِرَةِ وَ اِنْ قُلْتَ نَعَمْ كَمَا هُوَ الظَّنُّ بِكَ وَ الرَّجَاۤءُ لَكَ فَطُوْبٰى لِيْ اَنَا السَّعِيْدُ وَ اَنَا الْمَسْعُوْدُ فَطُوْبٰى لِيْ وَ اَنَا الْمَرْحُوْمُ، يَا مُتَرَحِّمُ يَا مُتَرَئِّفُ يَا مُتَعَطِّفُ يَا مُتَجَبِّرُ [مُتَحَنِّنُ‏] يَا مُتَمَلِّكُ يَا مُقْسِطُ لَا عَمَلَ لِيْ اَبْلُغُ بِهِ نَجَاحَ حَاجَتِيْ اَسْاَلُكَ بِاسْمِكَ الَّذِيْ جَعَلْتَهُ فِي مَكْنُوْنِ غَيْبِكَ وَ اسْتَقَرَّ عِنْدَكَ فَلَا يَخْرُجُ مِنْكَ اِلٰى شَيْ‏ءٍ سِوَاكَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِهِ وَ بِكَ وَ بِهِ فَاِنَّهُ اَجَلُّ وَ اَشْرَفُ اَسْمَاۤئِكَ لَا شَيْ‏ءً لِيْ غَيْرُ هٰذَا وَ لَا اَحَدَ اَعْوَدُ عَلَيَّ مِنْكَ يَا كَيْنُوْنُ يَا مُكَوِّنُ يَا مَنْ عَرَّفَنِيْ نَفْسَهُ يَا مَنْ اَمَرَنِيْ بِطَاعَتِهِ يَا مَنْ نَهَانِيْ عَنْ مَعْصِيَتِهِ وَ يَا مَدْعُوُّ يَا مَسْئُوْلُ يَا مَطْلُوْبًا اِلَيْهِ رَفَضْتُ وَصِيَّتَكَ الَّتِيْ اَوْصَيْتَنِيْ وَ لَمْ اُطِعْكَ وَ لَوْ اَطَعْتُكَ فِيْمَا اَمَرْتَنِيْ لَكَفَيْتَنِيْ مَا قُمْتُ اِلَيْكَ فِيْهِ وَ اَنَا مَعَ مَعْصِيَّتِيْ لَكَ رَاجٍ، فَلَا تَحُلْ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَ مَا رَجَوْتُ يَا مُتَرَحِّمًا لِيْ اَعِذْنِيْ مِنْ بَيْنِ يَدَيَّ وَ مِنْ خَلْفِيْ وَ مِنْ فَوْقِي وَ مِنْ تَحْتِي وَ مِنْ كُلِّ جِهَاتِ الْاِحَاطَةِ بِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ بِمُحَمَّدٍ سَيِّدِيْ وَ بِعَلِيٍّ وَلِيِّيْ وَ بِالْاَئِمَّةِ الرَّاشِدِيْنَ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ اِجْعَلْ عَلَيْنَا صَلَوَاتِكَ وَ رَأْفَتَكَ وَ رَحْمَتَكَ وَ اَوْسِعْ عَلَيْنَا مِنْ رِّزْقِكَ وَ اقْضِ عَنَّا الدَّيْنَ وَ جَمِيْعَ حَوَاۤئِجِنَا يَا اَللهُ يَا اَللهُ يَا اَللهُ اِنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ قَدِيْرٌ۔--The Imam (a.s.) then added: One who offers this prayer and says this supplication will have all his sins forgiven.\r\n\r\nNumerous are the narrations that have mentioned splendid reward for those who offer this prayer on Fridays. Similarly, one who says the following supplicatory prayer after that prayer will have all his previous and coming sins forgiven, will be given the reward of him who recites the holy Qur’an entirely twelve times, and will be saved from thirst on the Resurrection Day:\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى النَّبِيِّ الْعَرَبِيِّ وَ اٰلِهِ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus have recorded that Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq (a.s.) said: One who offers the four-unit prayer of Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen (a.s.) will be as free of sins as newborns and will have all his requests granted. In the first unit, recite Surah al-Faatehah (No. 1) once and repeat Surah al-Tawheed (No. 112) fifty times. On accomplishment, say the following litany of Imam Ali, peace be upon him:\r\n\r\nGlory be to Him Whose signs never perish. Glory be to Him Whose reserves never downgrade. Glory be to Him Whose honor never vanishes. Glory be to Him Whose possessions never run out. Glory be to Him Whose duration (of existence) is never interrupted. Glory be to Him Who never betakes to Himself a partner in His affairs. Glory be to Him save Whom there is no god. \r\n\r\nThereafter, say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO He who overlooks sins and does not inflict punishment in return, (please) have mercy on Your servant, O Allah, that is I myself, that is I myself. I am Your servant, O my Chief, I am Your servant; I am at Your disposal; O my Lord. O my God, in the name of Your Being, O my Hope, O my All-beneficent, O my Supporter, Your servant, Your servant, has no strategy. O Ultimate of my desire! O He Who makes blood run into the veins of Your slave! O my Chief, O my Master! O He Who is Unique! O He Who is Unique! O my Lord! I—Your servant, Your servant- have no strategy and I cannot avail myself and I have no control over loss or over profit. I do not find anyone from whom I may seek help; so, all profitable avenues have been blocked, and all my expectations have turned into disappointments. Helpless and forsaken I came to You, So, I have presented myself before You in this current stand. O my God, You are aware of all that which I speak about. So, how would You deal with me? If I but knew how would You dispense with my prayer? Would You say, ‘Yes’ or ‘No’? If You say ‘No,’ then I am ruined! I am ruined! I am ruined! Woe to me! Woe to me! Woe to me! Oh my misery! Oh my misery! Oh my misery! Oh my ill-luck! Oh my ill-luck! Oh my ill- luck! To whom? By Whom? From whom? How? What? In which place to take shelter? For whom shall I hope? Who shall bestow upon me with his favor when You forsake me? O Liberal in forgiveness! But if You say ‘Yes,’ as I expect You to say and as I desire from You, then joy is for me, I am successful, I am happy; then joy is for me, I will receive (Your) mercy. O Ever-merciful! O Ever-compassionate! O Ever-sympathetic! O Ever- commiserating! O Ever-sovereign! O Just! I lack any act due to which I can attain achievement of my desire. I thus beseech You in the name of Your Name which You have reserved in the innermost of Your Hidden Knowledge and it has thus settled with You so firmly that nothing of it can come out from You to any other thing. I beseech You by it and by You, for it is certainly the most exalted and honored of Your Names. I have nothing to mention except this, and no one can be more beneficent to me than You. O Absolute Being! O Creator of creation! O He Who has introduced Himself to me! O He Who has commanded me to obey Him! O He Who has warned me against disobeying Him! O He Who is besought! O He Who is pleaded! O He Who is desired! I have overlooked Your instructions, which You gave me and have not obeyed You. If I obeyed You in what You have ordered me, You would certainly grant my requests that I am presenting before You. In spite of my transgression, I am hopeful for You. So, do not let my hope remain unfulfilled. O He Who always has mercy upon me, keep me safe, under Your protection, from (all evils that are) before me, behind me, above me, below me, and from all sides that surround me. O Allah, [I beseech You] in the name of Muhammad, my master, and [in the name of] 'Ali, my chief, and [in the names of] the orthodox Imams (leaders), peace be upon them, (please) bestow upon us with Your blessings, compassions, and mercy; and grant us expansive shares of Your sustenance; and help us repay our debts and settle all our needs, O Allah, O Allah, O Allah. Verily, You have full power over all things. \r\n\r\nThe Imam (a.s.) then added: One who offers this prayer and says this supplication will have all his sins forgiven.\r\n\r\nNumerous are the narrations that have mentioned splendid reward for those who offer this prayer on Fridays. Similarly, one who says the following supplicatory prayer after that prayer will have all his previous and coming sins forgiven, will be given the reward of him who recites the holy Qur’an entirely twelve times, and will be saved from thirst on the Resurrection Day:\r\n\r\nO Allah, send blessings to the Arab Prophet and on his Household. "
}