{
    "content": "ZIYARAH AL JAMIAH AL SAGHEERAH\r\n\r\nIn his book of man-la-yahzuruhul-faqih, Shaykh al-Saduq has reported that Imam al-Rida (‘a) was once asked about the way of visiting Imam Musa al-Kazim (‘a). He answered, “You may pray in the mosques surrounding his tomb. It is however acceptable to say the following (form of ziyarah) at all shrines.”\r\n\r\nThis apparently means that it is acceptable to say this form of ziyarah at visiting the holy shrines of the Imams (‘a) or even all other holy shrines, like these of the Prophets and the Prophets’ successors:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰىۤ اَوْلِيَاۤءِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَصْفِيَاۤئِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰىۤ اُمَنَاۤءِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَحِبَّاۤئِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰىۤ اَنْصَارِ اللّٰهِ وَ خُلَفَاۤئِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مَحَآلِّ مَعْرِفَةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مَسَاكِنِ ذِكْرِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُظْهِرِيۤ اَمْرِ اللّٰهِ وَ نَهْيِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الدُّعَاةِ اِلَى اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمُسْتَقِرِّيْنَ فِيْ مَرْضَاةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمُخْلِصِيْنَ فِي طَاعَةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاَدِلَاۤءِ عَلَى اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الَّذِيْنَ مَنْ وَالَاهُمْ فَقَدْ وَالَى اللّٰهَ وَ مَنْ عَادَاهُمْ فَقَدْ عَادَى اللّٰهَ، وَ مَنْ عَرَفَهُمْ فَقَدْ عَرَفَ اللّٰهَ وَ مَنْ جَهِلَهُمْ فَقَدْ جَهِلَ اللّٰهَ وَ مَنِ اعْتَصَمَ بِهِمْ فَقَدِ اعْتَصَمَ بِاللّٰهِ وَ مَنْ تَخَلَّى مِنْهُمْ فَقَدْ تَخَلَّى مِنَ اللّٰهِ عَزَّ وَ جَلَّ وَ اُشْهِدُ اللّٰهَ اَنِّيْ سِلْمٌ لِمَنْ سَالَمْتُمْ وَ حَرْبٌ لِمَنْ حَارَبْتُمْ مُؤْمِنٌ بِسِرِّكُمْ وَ عَلَانِيَتِكُمْ مُفَوِّضٌ فِيْ ذٰلِكَ كُلِّهِ اِلَيْكُمْ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ عَدُوَّ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ مِنَ الْجِنِّ وَ الْاِنْسِ وَ اَبْرَاُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ مِنْهُمْ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ۔--This form of ziyarah has been mentioned in the books of al-Kafi, Tahdhib al-Ahkam, and Kamil al-Ziyarah. In all of these books, it has been mentioned that this form of ziyarah may substitute all other forms.\r\n\r\nYou may then invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, by mentioning their names respectively. You may also invoke Almighty Allah’s curse on their enemies and then pray Him for any thing you wish for yourself as well as the believing men and women.\r\n\r\nApparently, the previously mentioned paragraph is part of the reported tradition and, thus, part of the Infallible Imam’s words.\r\n\r\nHowever, even if we suppose that this paragraph has not been part of the report and that it is an addition said by some reporters, we are still sure that the aforesaid form of ziyarah is comprehensive. Therefore, our master scholars of hadith, depending upon the introductory part of the report, have decided that this form of ziyarah can be said in all holy shrines. As a result, they have added it up to the comprehensive forms of ziyarah. Moreover, the statements of this form entail comprehensive descriptions that are not dedicated to a certain Imam. It is therefore appropriate to say this form during visiting any of the holy shrines, including those of the Prophets and their successors, since some scholars have mentioned this form to be said at visiting the holy shrine of Prophet Jonah.\r\n\r\nIn the last paragraph of the tradition, the Imam (‘a) has ordered us to invoke blessings upon the Holy Prophet Muhammad (s) and his Household and to mention their names one after another. It is therefore very fitting to say the form of invoking blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, which is ascribed to Abu’l-Hasan al-Darrab and which has been previously cited in the recommended acts on Fridays", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "ZIYARAH AL JAMIAH AL SAGHEERAH\r\n\r\nIn his book of manlayahzuruhulfaqih, Shaykh alSaduq has reported that Imam alRida (‘a) was once asked about the way of visiting Imam Musa alKazim (‘a). He answered, “You may pray in the mosques surrounding his tomb. It is however acceptable to say the following (form of ziyarah) at all shrines.”\r\n\r\nThis apparently means that it is acceptable to say this form of ziyarah at visiting the holy shrines of the Imams (‘a) or even all other holy shrines, like these of the Prophets and the Prophets’ successors:\r\n\r\nBISMILLAHIR RAHMANIR RAHIM ASSALAAMU A'LAA AWLIYAAA-ILLAAHI WA AS'FIYAAA-IHI ASSALAAMU A'LAA UMANAAA-ILLAAHI WA AH'IBBAAA-IHI ASSALAAMU A'LAA ANS'AARILLAAHI WA KHULAFAAA-IHI ASSALAAMU A'LAA MAH'AALLI MAA'-RIFATILLAAH ASSALAAMU A'LAA MASAAKINI D'IKRILLAAH ASSALAAMU A'LAA MUZ'HIREE AMRILLAAH WA NAHYIHI ASSALAAMU A'LAD DUA-A'ATI ILALLAAH ASSALAAMU A'LAL MUSTAQIRREENA FEE MARZ\"AATILLAAH ASSALAAMU A'LAL MUKHLIS'EENA FEE T'AA-A'TILLAAH ASSALAAMU A'LAL A-DILLAAA-I A'LALLAAH ASSALAAMU A'LALLAD'EENA MAN WALAAHUM FAQAD WAALALLAAH WA MAN A'ADAAHUM FAQAD A'ADALLAAH WA MAN A'RAFAHUM FAQAD A'RAFALLAAH WA MAN JAHILAHUM FAQAD JAHILALLAAH WA MANIA'- TAS'AMA BIHIM FAQADIA'-TAS'AMA BILLAAH WA MAN TAKHALLAA MINHUM FAQAD TAKHALLAA MINALLAAHI A'ZZA WA JALL WA USH-HIDULLAAHA ANNEE SILMUN LIMAN SAALAMTUM WA H'ARBUN LIMAN H'AARABTUM MUWMINUN BISIRRIKUM WA A'LAANIYATIKUM MUFAWWIZ\"UN FEE D'AALIKA KULLIHI ILAYKUM LA-A'NALLAAHU A'DUWWA AALI MUH'AMMAD MINAL JINNI WAL INS WA ABRA-U ILALLAAHI MINHUM WA S'ALLALLAAHU A'LAA MUH'AMMADIN WA AALIHI\r\n\r\nThis form of ziyarah has been mentioned in the books of alKafi, Tahdhib alAhkam, and Kamil alZiyarah. In all of these books, it has been mentioned that this form of ziyarah may substitute all other forms.\r\n\r\nYou may then invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, by mentioning their names respectively. You may also invoke Almighty Allah’s curse on their enemies and then pray Him for any thing you wish for yourself as well as the believing men and women.\r\n\r\nApparently, the previously mentioned paragraph is part of the reported tradition and, thus, part of the Infallible Imam’s words.\r\n\r\nHowever, even if we suppose that this paragraph has not been part of the report and that it is an addition said by some reporters, we are still sure that the aforesaid form of ziyarah is comprehensive. Therefore, our master scholars of hadith, depending upon the introductory part of the report, have decided that this form of ziyarah can be said in all holy shrines. As a result, they have added it up to the comprehensive forms of ziyarah. Moreover, the statements of this form entail comprehensive descriptions that are not dedicated to a certain Imam. It is therefore appropriate to say this form during visiting any of the holy shrines, including those of the Prophets and their successors, since some scholars have mentioned this form to be said at visiting the holy shrine of Prophet Jonah.\r\n\r\nIn the last paragraph of the tradition, the Imam (‘a) has ordered us to invoke blessings upon the Holy Prophet Muhammad (s) and his Household and to mention their names one after another. It is therefore very fitting to say the form of invoking blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, which is ascribed to Abu’lHasan al®arrab and which has been previously cited in the first volume of this book within the recommended acts on Fridays", 
    "english": "ZIYARAH AL JAMIAH AL SAGHEERAH\r\n\r\nIn his book of manlayahzuruhulfaqih, Shaykh alSaduq has reported that Imam alRida (‘a) was once asked about the way of visiting Imam Musa alKazim (‘a). He answered, “You may pray in the mosques surrounding his tomb. It is however acceptable to say the following (form of ziyarah) at all shrines.”\r\n\r\nThis apparently means that it is acceptable to say this form of ziyarah at visiting the holy shrines of the Imams (‘a) or even all other holy shrines, like these of the Prophets and the Prophets’ successors:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon Allah's friends and well-chosen ones! Peace be upon Allah's trustees and beloved ones! Peace be upon Allah's supporters and representatives! Peace be upon the centers of the recognition of Allah! Peace be upon the places of mentioning Allah! Peace be upon the demonstrators of Allah's orders and prohibitions! Peace be upon the callers to Allah! Peace be upon those settling down at Allah's pleasure! Peace be upon those obeying Allah sincerely! Peace be upon those guiding to Allah! Peace be upon those the loyalty to whom is loyalty to Allah, the hostility towards whom is hostility towards Allah, the recognition of whom is recognition of Allah, ignorance of whom is ignorance of Allah, sticking to whom is sticking to Allah, and abandonment of whom is abandonment of Allah the Almighty and All-majestic. And I call Allah to witness that I am at peace with those with whom you are at peace and at war with those with whom you are at war. I believe in your secret and open affairs and I am relegating all that to you. May Allah cure the enemy of Muhammad's Household, including the jinn and mankind, and I disavow them in the presence of Allah. May Allah bless Muhammad and his Household.\r\n\r\nThis form of ziyarah has been mentioned in the books of alKafi, Tahdhib alAhkam, and Kamil alZiyarah. In all of these books, it has been mentioned that this form of ziyarah may substitute all other forms.\r\n\r\nYou may then invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, by mentioning their names respectively. You may also invoke Almighty Allah’s curse on their enemies and then pray Him for any thing you wish for yourself as well as the believing men and women.\r\n\r\nApparently, the previously mentioned paragraph is part of the reported tradition and, thus, part of the Infallible Imam’s words.\r\n\r\nHowever, even if we suppose that this paragraph has not been part of the report and that it is an addition said by some reporters, we are still sure that the aforesaid form of ziyarah is comprehensive. Therefore, our master scholars of hadith, depending upon the introductory part of the report, have decided that this form of ziyarah can be said in all holy shrines. As a result, they have added it up to the comprehensive forms of ziyarah. Moreover, the statements of this form entail comprehensive descriptions that are not dedicated to a certain Imam. It is therefore appropriate to say this form during visiting any of the holy shrines, including those of the Prophets and their successors, since some scholars have mentioned this form to be said at visiting the holy shrine of Prophet Jonah.\r\n\r\nIn the last paragraph of the tradition, the Imam (‘a) has ordered us to invoke blessings upon the Holy Prophet Muhammad (s) and his Household and to mention their names one after another. It is therefore very fitting to say the form of invoking blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, which is ascribed to Abu’lHasan al®arrab and which has been previously cited in the first volume of this book within the recommended acts on Fridays (pp. 174). This form begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah; the All-beneficent, the All-merciful. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad the master of the messengers (of Allah) and the seal of the Prophets..."
}