{
    "content": "Through a valid chain of authority, Imam al-Rida(a.s.) is reported to have related the following story:\r\n\r\nA man found a sheet of paper with an inscription and brought it to the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) who, once he read it, called out at people to gather for a congregational prayer. As everybody came, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) ascended the minbar (i.e. a pulpit in the mosque) and said: This is the scripture of Yusha’, the son of Nun (Prophet Joshua), the successor of Prophet Moses (a.s.). The inscription reads the following: In the Name of Allah; the All-beneficent, the All-merciful. Your Lord is certainly Kind and Merciful. The best of Allah’s servants are the pious, pure, and affectionate; while the most wicked of Allah’s servants are so identified that fingers can point at them. He who wishes to have his deeds measured by the fairest balance and to carry out his duties towards the graces that Almighty Allah has bestowed upon him, must say the following litany every day:\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللّٰهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ سُبْحَانَ اللّٰهِ كَمَا يَنْبَغِىْ لِلّٰهِ وَالْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ كَمَا يَنْبَغِىْ لِلّٰهِ وَ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ كَمَا يَنْبَغِىْ لِلّٰهِ وَ لَا حَوْلَ وَلَاقُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللهِ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَّ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ النَّبِىِّ الْاُمِّىِّ وَ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ وَالنَّبِيِّيْنَ حَتّٰى يَرْضَى اللّٰهُ۔--In the book of al-Balad al-Amin, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) is quoted to have said: He who repeats the following statement ten times every day, will be released from his sins as if he is on the day when his mother gave birth to him, and Almighty Allah will fend off from him seventy categories of tribulation, including lunacy, mycobacterium, leprosy, and paralysis, and Almighty Allah will appoint seventy angels to pray Him to forgive that person:\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ لَا حَوْلَ‏ وَ لَا قُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللهِ الْعَلِىِّ الْعَظِيْمِ۔--Imam al-Sadiq(a.s.) is reported to have said: He who repeats the following litany one hundred times every day, will not be afflicted by poverty:\r\n\r\n--لَا حَوْلَ وَ لَا قُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللهِ الْعَلِىِّ الْعَظِيْمِ۔--Whoever repeats the following statements one hundred times every day, Almighty Allah will prohibit Hellfire to consume his body:\r\n\r\n--سُبْحَانَ اللهِ وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ وَ لَاۤ اِلٰهِ اِلَّا اللهُ وَ اللهُ اَكْبَرُ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": ""
}