{
    "content": "SECOND FORM OF ZIYARAH ON DAY OF ASHURA; LESSER KNOWN VERSION\r\n\r\nThis form of ziyarah on the ‘Ashura’ Day is not as famous as the earlier one; rather, it is similar to it in reward and merits although it does not comprise the one-hundred time statements of invoking curse on the enemies and invoking blessings on the Imam and his companions. It is considered a great success for one whom is diverted from that form of ziyarah by a more important matter. The method of this form of ziyarah, as quoted from the book of al-Mazar al-Qadim, without mentioning the explanatory introduction, is as follows:\r\n\r\nIf you would like to visit Imam al-Husayn (‘a) from remote places or from the vicinity of his holy tomb, you may bathe yourself and come out to a desert or go up the roof on your house. You may then offer a two-unit prayer, reciting (after Surah al-Fatihah) Surah al-Tawhid in both units. When you accomplish the prayer, you may point to Imam al-Husayn (‘a) to greet him. The greetings, pointing, and intention must be made while turning the face towards the side of Imam al-Husayn’s tomb. Then, you may say the following words with reverence and submission:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْبَشِيْرِ النَّذِيْرِ وَ ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ فَاطِمَةَ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خِيَرَةَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ خِيَرَتِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ثَارَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ ثَارِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْوِتْرُ الْمَوْتُوْرُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْاِمَامُ الْهَادِي الزَّكِيُّ وَ عَلٰىۤ اَرْوَاحٍ حَلَّتْ بِفِنَاۤئِكَ وَ اَقَامَتْ فِيْ جِوَارِكَ وَ وَفَدَتْ مَعَ زُوَّارِكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ مِنِّىْ مَا بَقِيْتُ وَ بَقِيَ اللَّيْلُ وَ النَّهَارُ فَلَقَدْ عَظُمَتْ بِكَ الرَّزِيَّةُ وَ جَلَّتْ فِي الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ وَ فِيۤ اَهْلِ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَ اَهْلِ الْاَرَضِيْنَ اَجْمَعِيْنَ فَاِنَّا لِلّٰهِ وَ اِنَّاۤ اِلَيْهِ رَاجِعُوْنَ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ وَ تَحِيَّاتُهُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ الْحُسَيْنَ وَ عَلٰى اٰبَاۤئِكَ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ الْمُنْتَجَبِيْنَ وَ عَلٰى ذُرِّيَّاتِكُمُ الْهُدَاةِ الْمَهْدِيِّيْنَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً خَذَلَتْكَ وَ تَرَكَتْ نُصْرَتَكَ وَ مَعُوْنَتَكَ، وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً اَسَّسَتْ اَسَاسَ الظُّلْمِ لَكُمْ وَ مَهَّدَتِ الْجَوْرَ عَلَيْكُمْ وَ طَرَّقَتْ اِلٰۤى اَذِيَّتِكُمْ وَ تَحَيُّفِكُمْ وَ جَارَتْ [وَ حَادَتْ‏] ذٰلِكَ فِي دِيَارِكُمْ وَ اَشْيَاعِكُمْ بَرِئْتُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ عَزَّ وَ جَلَّ وَ اِلَيْكُمْ يَا سَادَاتِيْ وَ مَوَالِيَّ وَ اَئِمَّتِيْ مِنْهُمْ وَ مِنْ اَشْيَاعِهِمْ وَ اَتْبَاعِهِمْ وَ اَسْاَلُ اللّٰهَ الَّذِيْ اَكْرَمَ يَا مَوَالِيَّ مَقَامَكُمْ وَ شَرَّفَ مَنْزِلَتَكُمْ وَ شَأْنَكُمْ اَنْ يُكْرِمَنِيْ بِوِلَايَتِكُمْ وَ مَحَبَّتِكُمْ وَ الْاِيْتِمَامِ بِكُمْ وَ بِالْبَرَاۤءَةِ مِنْ اَعْدَاۤئِكُمْ وَ اَسْاَلُ اللّٰهَ الْبَرَّ الرَّحِيْمَ اَنْ يَرْزُقَنِيْ مَوَدَّتَكُمْ وَ اَنْ يُوَفِّقَنِيْ لِلطَّلَبِ بِثَارِكُمْ مَعَ الْاِمَامِ الْمُنْتَظَرِ الْهَادِيْ مِنْ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ يَجْعَلَنِيْ مَعَكُمْ فِي الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ، وَ اَنْ يُبَلِّغَنِي الْمَقَامَ الْمَحْمُوْدَ لَكُمْ عِنْدَ اللّٰهِ وَ اَسْاَلُ اللّٰهَ عَزَّ وَ جَلَّ بِحَقِّكُمْ وَ بِالشَّأْنِ الَّذِيْ جَعَلَ اللّٰهُ لَكُمْ اَنْ يُعْطِيَنِيْ بِمُصَابِيْ بِكُمْ اَفْضَلَ مَاۤ اَعْطٰى مُصَابًا بِمُصِيْبَةٍ اِنَّا لِلّٰهِ وَ اِنَّاۤ اِلَيْهِ رَاجِعُوْنَ يَا لَهَا مِنْ مُصِيْبَةٍ مَا اَفْجَعَهَا وَ اَنْكَاهَا لِقُلُوْبِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْمُسْلِمِيْنَ فَاِنَّا لِلّٰهِ وَ اِنَّاۤ اِلَيْهِ رَاجِعُوْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ فِيْ مَقَامِيْ مِمَّنْ تَنَالُهُ مِنْكَ صَلَوَاتٌ وَ رَحْمَةٌ وَ مَغْفِرَةٌ وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ عِنْدَكَ وَجِيْهًا فِي الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ وَ مِنَ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ فَاِنِّيۤ اَتَقَرَّبُ اِلَيْكَ بِمُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ وَ عَلَيْهِمْ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اِنِّيۤ اَتَوَسَّلُ وَ اَتَوَجَّهُ بِصَفْوَتِكَ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ وَ خِيَرَتِكَ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ عَلِيٍّ وَ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ مِنْ ذُرِّيَّتِهِمَاۤ، اَللّٰهُمَّ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اجْعَلْ مَحْيَايَ مَحْيَاهُمْ وَ مَمَاتِيْ مَمَاتَهُمْ وَ لَا تُفَرِّقْ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَهُمْ فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ اِنَّكَ سَمِيْعُ الدُّعَاۤءِ اللّٰهُمَّ وَ هٰذَا يَوْمٌ تَجَدَّدُ [تَجَدَّدَ] [تُجَدَّدُ] فِيْهِ النِّقْمَةُ وَ تَنَزَّلُ [تَنَزَّلَ‏] [تُنَزَّلُ‏] فِيْهِ اللَّعْنَةُ عَلَى اللَّعِيْنِ يَزِيْدَ وَ عَلٰىۤ اٰلِ يَزِيْدَ وَ عَلٰى اٰلِ زِيَادٍ وَ عُمَرَ بْنَ سَعْدٍ وَ الشِّمْرٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ الْعَنْهُمْ وَ الْعَنْ مَنْ رَضِيَ بِقَوْلِهِمْ وَ فِعْلِهِمْ مِنْ اَوَّلٍ وَ اٰخِرٍ لَعْنًا كَثِيْرًا وَ اَصْلِهِمْ حَرَّ نَارِكَ وَ اَسْكِنْهُمْ جَهَنَّمَ وَ سَاۤءَتْ مَصِيْرًا وَ اَوْجِبْ عَلَيْهِمْ وَ عَلٰى كُلِّ مَنْ شَايَعَهُمْ وَ بَايَعَهُمْ وَ تَابَعَهُمْ وَ سَاعَدَهُمْ وَ رَضِيَ بِفِعْلِهِمْ وَ افْتَحْ لَهُمْ وَ عَلَيْهِمْ وَ عَلٰى كُلِّ مَنْ رَضِيَ بِذٰلِكَ لَعَنَاتِكَ الَّتِيْ لَعَنْتَ بِهَا كُلَّ ظَالِمٍ وَ كُلَّ غَاصِبٍ وَ كُلَّ جَاحِدٍ وَ كُلَّ كَافِرٍ وَ كُلَّ مُشْرِكٍ وَ كُلَّ شَيْطَانٍ رَجِيمٍ، وَ كُلَّ جَبَّارٍ عَنِيْدٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ الْعَنْ يَزِيْدَ وَ اٰلَ يَزِيْدَ وَ بَنِيْ مَرْوَانَ جَمِيْعًا اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ ضَعِّفْ غَضَبَكَ وَ سَخَطَكَ وَ عَذَابَكَ وَ نَقِمَتَكَ عَلٰى اَوَّلِ ظَالِمٍ ظَلَمَ اَهْلَ بَيْتِ نَبِيِّكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ الْعَنْ جَمِيْعَ الظَّالِمِيْنَ لَهُمْ وَ انْتَقِمْ مِنْهُمْ اِنَّكَ ذُوْ نِقْمَةٍ مِنَ الْمُجْرِمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ الْعَنْ اَوَّلَ ظَالِمٍ ظَلَمَ اٰلَ بَيْتِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ الْعَنْ اَرْوَاحَهُمْ وَ دِيَارَهُمْ وَ قُبُوْرَهُمْ وَ الْعَنِ اللّٰهُمَّ الْعِصَابَةَ الَّتِيْ نَازَلَتِ الْحُسَيْنَ ابْنَ بِنْتِ نَبِيِّكَ وَ حَارَبَتْهُ وَ قَتَلَتْ اَصْحَابَهُ وَ اَنْصَارَهُ وَ اَعْوَانَهُ وَ اَوْلِيَاۤءَهُ وَ شِيْعَتَهُ وَ مُحِبِّيْهِ وَ اَهْلَ بَيْتِهِ وَ ذُرِّيَّتَهُ وَ الْعَنِ اللّٰهُمَّ الَّذِيْنَ نَهَبُوْا مَالَهُ وَ سَلَبُوْا [وَ سَبَوْا] حَرِيْمَهُ وَ لَمْ يَسْمَعُوْا كَلَامَهُ وَ لَا مَقَالَهُ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ الْعَنْ كُلَّ مَنْ بَلَغَهُ ذٰلِكَ فَرَضِيَ بِهِ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ الْخَلَاۤئِقِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اِلٰى يَوْمِ الدِّيْنِ۔ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ الْحُسَيْنَ وَ عَلٰى مَنْ سَاعَدَكَ وَ عَاوَنَكَ وَ وَاسَاكَ بِنَفْسِهِ وَ بَذَلَ مُهْجَتَهُ فِي الذَّبِّ عَنْكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ وَ عَلَيْهِمْ وَ عَلٰى رُوْحِكَ وَ عَلٰى اَرْوَاحِهِمْ وَ عَلٰى تُرْبَتِكَ وَ عَلٰى تُرْبَتِهِمْ اَللّٰهُمَّ لَقِّهِمْ رَحْمَةً وَ رِضْوَانًا وَ رَوْحًا وَ رَيْحَانًا اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ يَا ابْنَ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ وَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا شَهِيْدُ يَا ابْنَ الشَّهِيْدِ اَللّٰهُمَّ بَلِّغْهُ عَنِّيْ فِيْ هٰذِهِ السَّاعَةِ وَ فِيْ هٰذَا الْيَوْمِ وَ فِيْ هٰذَا الْوَقْتِ وَ كُلِّ وَقْتٍ تَحِيَّةً وَ سَلَامًا، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَ عَلَى الْمُسْتَشْهَدِيْنَ مَعَكَ سَلَامًا مُتَّصِلًا مَا اتَّصَلَ اللَّيْلُ وَ النَّهَارُ [بِالنَّهَارِ] اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْحُسَيْنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ اِ۟لشَّهِيْدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى عَلِيِّ بْنِ الْحُسَيْنِ الشَّهِيْدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْعَبَّاسِ بْنِ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ الشَّهِيْدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الشُّهَدَاۤءِ مِنْ وُلْدِ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الشُّهَدَاۤءِ مِنْ وُلْدِ جَعْفَرٍ وَ عَقِيْلٍ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى كُلِّ مُسْتَشْهَدٍ مِنَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ بَلِّغْهُمْ عَنِّيْ تَحِيَّةً وَ سَلَامًا اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا رَسُوْلَ اللّٰهِ وَ عَلَيْكَ السَّلَامُ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَحْسَنَ اللّٰهُ لَكَ الْعَزَاۤءَ فِي وَلَدِكَ الْحُسَيْنِ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْحَسَنِ يَاۤ اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ عَلَيْكَ السَّلَامُ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَحْسَنَ اللّٰهُ لَكَ الْعَزَاۤءَ فِيْ وَلَدِكَ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا فَاطِمَةُ يَا بِنْتَ رَسُوْلِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِينَ، وَ عَلَيْكِ السَّلَامُ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَحْسَنَ اللّٰهُ لَكِ الْعَزَاۤءَ فِيْ وَلَدِكِ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَبَا مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْحَسَنِ وَ عَلَيْكَ السَّلَامُ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَحْسَنَ اللّٰهُ لَكَ الْعَزَاۤءَ فِيۤ اَخِيْكَ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَرْوَاحِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْمُؤْمِنَاتِ الْاَحْيَاۤءِ مِنْهُمْ وَ الْاَمْوَاتِ وَ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَحْسَنَ اللّٰهُ لَهُمُ الْعَزَاۤءَ فِيْ مَوْلَاهُمُ الْحُسَيْنِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْنَا مِنَ الطَّالِبِيْنَ بِثَارِهِ مَعَ اِمَامٍ عَدْلٍ تُعِزُّ بِهِ الْاِسْلَامَ وَ اَهْلَهُ يَا رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔--You may then prostrate yourself and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ لَكَ الْحَمْدُ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ مَا نَابَ [يَأْتِيْ‏] مِنْ خَطْبٍ وَ لَكَ الْحَمْدُ عَلٰى كُلِّ اَمْرٍ وَ اِلَيْكَ الْمُشْتَكٰى فِيْ عَظِيْمِ الْمُهِمَّاتِ بِخِيَرَتِكَ وَ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ وَ ذٰلِكَ لِمَاۤ اَوْجَبْتَ لَهُمْ مِنَ الْكَرَامَةِ وَ الْفَضْلِ الْكَثِيْرِ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ شَفَاعَةَ الْحُسَيْنِ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ يَوْمَ الْوُرُوْدِ وَ الْمَقَامِ الْمَشْهُوْدِ وَ الْحَوْضِ الْمَوْرُوْدِ  وَ اجْعَلْ لِيْ قَدَمَ صِدْقٍ عِنْدَكَ مَعَ الْحُسَيْنِ وَ اَصْحَابِ الْحُسَيْنِ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ الَّذِيْنَ وَاسَوْهُ بِاَنْفُسِهِمْ وَ بَذَلُوْا دُوْنَهُ مُهَجَهُمْ وَ جَاهَدُوْا مَعَهُ اَعْدَاۤءَكَ ابْتِغَاۤءَ مَرْضَاتِكَ وَ رَجَاۤئِكَ وَ تَصْدِيْقًا بِوَعْدِكَ وَ خَوْفًا مِنْ وَعِيْدِكَ اِنَّكَ لَطِيْفٌ لِمَا تَشَاۤءُ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "SECOND FORM OF ZIYARAH ON DAY OF ASHURA; LESSER KNOWN VERSION\r\n\r\nThis form of ziyarah on the ‘Ashura’ Day is not as famous as the earlier one; rather, it is similar to it in reward and merits although it does not comprise the onehundred time statements of invoking curse on the enemies and invoking blessings on the Imam and his companions. It is considered a great success for one whom is diverted from that form of ziyarah by a more important matter. The method of this form of ziyarah, as quoted from the book of alMazar alQadim, without mentioning the explanatory introduction, is as follows:\r\n\r\nIf you would like to visit Imam alHusayn (‘a) from remote places or from the vicinity of his holy tomb, you may bathe yourself and come out to a desert or go up the roof on your house. You may then offer a twounit prayer, reciting (after Surah alFatihah) Surah alTawhid in both units. When you accomplish the prayer, you may point to Imam alHusayn (‘a) to greet him. The greetings, pointing, and intention must be made while turning the face towards the side of Imam alHusayn’s tomb. Then, you may say the following words with reverence and submission:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O son of the bearer of glad tidings and the warner and son of the chief of the Prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O son of Fatimah the doyenne of the women of the worlds. Peace be upon you, O choicest of Allah and son of His choicest. Peace be upon you, O vengeance of Allah and son of His vengeance. Peace be upon you, O he who has not been avenged so far. Peace be upon you, O guide and pure leader, and upon souls that gathered in your courtyard, resided in your vicinity, and came with your visitors. Peace be upon you from me as long as I am existent and. as long as there are day and night. Unbearable is the commiseration for you and gross is it for the believers, Muslims, and for all the inhabitants of the heavens and the layers of the earth. So, we are Allah’s and to Him shall we return. Allah’s benedictions, blessings, and greetings be upon you, O Abu-‘Abdullah al-Husayn, upon your fathers the immaculate and finely selected, and upon your offspring the guide and well-guided. May Allah curse the people who disappointed you and abstained from supporting and aiding you. May Allah curse the people who laid the basis of persecution against you, paved the way for transgression against you, opened the way towards injuring and wronging you, and spread so in your lands and against your adherents. I declare my repudiation in the presence of Allah the Almighty and All-majestic, and in the presence of you, O my masters, chiefs, and leaders, from them, their adherents, and their followers. And I beseech Allah Who has honored your position, O my chiefs, and enhanced your status and standing, to endue me with the honor of being loyal to you, bearing love for you, choosing you as my leaders, and declaring repudiation from your enemies. And I beseech Allah the Benign and Merciful to endow upon me with fondness of you, to grant me success of demanding with your vengeance with the awaited and guiding leader from the Household of Muhammad, to include me with you in this world and the Hereafter, and to make me attain the praiseworthy position that you enjoy with Allah. And I beseech Allah the Almighty and All-majestic, in the name of your right and in the name of the status that you enjoy with Him, to grant me, on account of my commiseration for you, the most favorable of that which He has ever granted to any one afflicted with a misfortune. To Allah do we belong and to Him shall we return. What a terrible misfortune it was; how a calamitous and painful misfortune it was for the hearts of the believers and Muslims. So, to Allah do we belong and to His shall we return. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and make me, in this situation of mine, one of those who receive blessings, mercy, and forgiveness from You and make me worthy of regard with You in this world and in the Hereafter and of those drawn near to You, for I seek nearness to You through Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, Your blessings be upon him and upon all of them. O Allah, I also choose as means to You and I turn my face towards You in the name of Your select from among Your creatures and Your elite from Your beings; namely, Muhammad, ‘Ali, and the immaculate ones from their offspring. So, O Allah, send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, decide my lifestyle to be the same as theirs and my death to be the same as theirs, and never separate me from them in this world and in the Hereafter. You are verily Hearer of prayers. O Allah, on this day, imprecation is renewed and curses are poured down on the accursed Yazid and on the family of Yazid as well as on the family of Ziyad, 'Umar ibn Sa'd, and al-Shimr. O Allah, pour curses upon them all and upon him who has approved of their words and deeds from the past and the last generations; (and pour down on them) copious curses, expose them to the heat of Your Fire, and lodge them in Hellfire; and how an evil destiny it is, disclose (Your chastisement) to them and to all those who adhered to them, paid homage to them, patterned after them, helped them, and approved of their deeds; and lay open to them and on them as well as on every one who has approved of that deed of them Your curses with which You have cursed all wrongdoers, all usurpers, all deniers, all unbelievers, all polytheists, all accursed devils, and all obstinate potentates. O Allah, pour curses upon Yazld, the family of Yazld, and all the descendants of Marwân. O Allah, multiply Your wrath, ire, torment, and chastisement for the first transgressor who wronged the Household of Your Prophet. O Allah, pour curses upon all those who persecuted them and (please) expose them to Your chastisement. Verily, You inevitably chastise the criminals. O Allah, pour curses upon the foremost transgressor who wronged the members of Muhammad’s household, and (pour curses) upon their souls, abodes, and graves; and pour curses, O Allah, upon the gang who encountered al-Husayn the son of Your Prophet’s daughter and who fought against him and killed his companions, supporters, aides, loyalists, adherents, lovers, household, and progeny. And also pour curses, O Allah, upon those who robbed his possessions, despoiled his women, and did not listen to his words and discourse. O Allah, pour curses upon every one who, when informed about that, was pleased with it from the past and the last generations and from all the creatures up to the Judgement Day. Peace be upon you, O Abu-'Abdullah al-Husayn and upon those who helped and aided you and those who offered themselves for you and sacrificed their souls in defense of you. Peace be upon you O my master, upon them, upon your souls, upon their souls, upon your soil, and upon their soils. O Allah, (please) make them find mercy, pleasure, happiness, and bounty. Peace be upon you, O my master Abu-‘Abdullah, O son of the seal of the Prophets, O son of the chief of the Prophets’ successors, O son of the doyenne of the women of the worlds. Peace be upon you, O martyr and son of the martyr. O Allah, convey at this very hour, on this day, in this moment, and in every moment, to him greetings and salutations from me. Peace be upon you, O son of the chief of the worlds and upon those who were martyred with you; such peace that is as connected as day and night. Peace be upon al-Husayn the son of ‘Ali the martyr. Peace be upon ‘Ali the son of al-Husayn the martyr. Peace be upon al-' Abbas the son of the Commander of the Faithful the martyr. Peace be upon the martyrs from the sons of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon the martyrs from the sons of Ja'far and 'Aqil. Peace be upon every faithful believer who was martyred. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and convey to them greetings and salutation from me. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s Messenger. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. May Allah console you satisfactorily regarding your son al-Husayn, peace be upon him. Peace be upon you, O Abu’l-Hasan the Commander of the Faithful. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. May Allah console you satisfactorily regarding your son al-Husayn. Peace be upon you, O Fatimah, O daughter of the Messenger of the Lord of the Worlds. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. May Allah console you satisfactorily regarding your son al-Husayn. Peace be upon you, O Abu-Muhammad al-Hasan. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. May Allah console you satisfactorily regarding your brother al-Husayn. Peace be upon the souls of the believing men and women, both the alive and the dead. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon them. May Allah console them satisfactorily regarding their chief al-Husayn. O Allah, (please) include us with those who shall demand with his vengeance with a just leader through whom You may confer might on Islam and its people, O Lord of the Worlds. You may then prostrate O Allah, all praise be to You for all adversaries . that have afflicted us. All praise be to You for all matters. The complaint about the gross distresses that afflicted Your select ones and Your intimate servants is addressed to You alone. This is on account of the honor and abundant favor that You have decided for them. So, O Allah, send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, endue me with the intercession of al- Husayn, peace be upon him, on the Day of Coming (to You), the witnessed standing, and the approached pond. Decide for me with You a step of honesty with al-Husayn and the companions of al-Husayn, peace be upon him, who offered him their souls, sacrificed themselves in defense of him, and fought against his enemies with him, seeking Your pleasure, placing their hope in You, believing in Your promise, and fearing from Your threat. You are verily Benignant to whom You wish, O most merciful of all those who show mercy.\r\n\r\nYou may then prostrate yourself and say the following words"
}