{
    "content": "Being the first day in the new year, there are two acts that are advisably practiced on the first of Muharram:\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to observe fasting on this day. Rayyan ibn Shabib has reported that Imam al-Rida(a.s.) said, “Just as He responded to the prayer of Prophet Zachariah, Almighty Allah shall respond the prayer of one who observes fasting on this day and prays Him.”\r\n\r\nSecond: Imam al-Rida(a.s.) is reported to have said that the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), on the first of Muharram, used to offer a two unit prayer. When he finished, he would raise his hands towards the heavens and repeat the following supplicatory prayer three times:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ الْاِلٰهُ الْقَدِيْمُ وَ هٰذِهِ سَنَةٌ جَدِيْدَةٌ فَاَسْاَلُكَ فِيْهَا الْعِصْمَةَ مِنَ الشَّيْطَانِ وَ الْقُوَّةَ عَلٰى هٰذِهِ النَّفْسِ الْاَمَّارَةِ بِالسُّوْۤءِ وَ الْاِشْتِغَالَ بِمَا يُقَرِّبُنِيْۤ اِلَيْكَ يَا كَرِيْمُ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ يَا عِمَادَ مَنْ لَا عِمَادَ لَهُ يَا ذَخِيْرَةَ مَنْ لَا ذَخِيْرَةَ لَهُ يَا حِرْزَ مَنْ لَا حِرْزَ لَهُ يَا غِيَاثَ مَنْ لَا غِيَاثَ لَهُ يَا سَنَدَ مَنْ لَا سَنَدَ لَهُ يَا كَنْزَ مَنْ لَا كَنْزَ لَهُ يَا حَسَنَ الْبَلَاۤءِ يَا عَظِيْمَ الرَّجَاۤءِ يَا عِزَّ الضُّعَفَاۤءِ يَا مُنْقِذَ الْغَرْقٰى يَا مُنْجِيَ الْهَلْكٰى يَا مُنْعِمُ يَا مُجْمِلُ يَا مُفْضِلُ يَا مُحْسِنُ، اَنْتَ الَّذِيْ سَجَدَ لَكَ سَوَادُ اللَّيْلِ وَ نُوْرُ النَّهَارِ وَ ضَوْءُ الْقَمَرِ وَ شُعَاعُ الشَّمْسِ وَ دَوِيُّ الْمَاۤءِ وَ حَفِيْفُ الشَّجَرِ يَاۤ اَللّٰهُ لَا شَرِيْكَ لَكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْنَا خَيْرًا مِمَّا يَظُنُّوْنَ وَ اغْفِرْ لَنَا مَا لَا يَعْلَمُوْنَ وَ لَا تُؤَاخِذْنَا بِمَا يَقُوْلُوْنَ حَسْبِيَ اللّٰهُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ عَلَيْهِ تَوَكَّلْتُ وَ هُوَ رَبُّ الْعَرْشِ الْعَظِيْمِ اٰمَنَّا بِهِ كُلٌّ مِنْ عِنْدِ رَبِّنَا وَ مَا يَذَّكَّرُ اِلَّاۤ اُوْلُوْا الْاَلْبَابِ رَبَّنَا لَا تُزِغْ قُلُوْبَنَا بَعْدَ اِذْ هَدَيْتَنَا وَ هَبْ لَنَا مِنْ لَدُنْكَ رَحْمَةً اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ الْوَهَّابُ۔--Shaykh al-Tusi says: It is recommended to observe fasting on the first nine days of Muharram. On the tenth of Muharram, it is recommended to abstain from eating and drinking up to afternoon. After that, one may eat a little of the soil of Imam al-Husayn’s tomb (turbat al-husayn; soil taken from the area around the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn).\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus has mentioned the merits of observing fasting during the whole month of Muharram adding that such a deed protects against committing any sin.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Being the first day in the new year, there are two acts that are advisably practiced on the first of Muharram:\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to observe fasting on this day. Rayyan ibn Shabib has reported that Imam al-Rida (a.s.) said, “Just as He responded to the prayer of Prophet Zachariah, Almighty Allah shall respond the prayer of one who observes fasting on this day and prays Him.”\r\n\r\nSecond: Imam al-Rida (a.s.) is reported to have said that the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), on the first of Muharram, used to offer a two unit prayer. When he finished, he would raise his hands towards the heavens and repeat the following supplicatory prayer three times:\r\n\r\nO Allah, You are the Eternal God and this is a new year; I therefore request Your safety from Satan, control over my self, which is inclined to sinning, engagement in all that which draws me near You, O All-generous! O Lord of majesty and honor! O Supporter of him who has no supporter! O Provider of him who has no provisions! O Shelter of him who has no shelter! O He who comes to help him who has no hope of help! O Reliance for him who has no one to lean upon! O Treasure of him who has nothing in the purse! O He who knows well how to put to test and trial! O Ultimate Hope! O Strength of the weak! O Rescuer of the drowning! O He who saves from destruction! O All-benefactor! O All-munificent! O All-favorer! O All-benevolent! You are He before Whom prostrate in adoration the blackness of the night and the brightness of the day, the moonlight, the sunlight, the ripple of the water, and the rustling of the trees! O Allah! There is no associate with You! O Allah! (Please do) cause us to be better than what they think of us! Forgive us that which they do not know! Do not blame us for what they say! Sufficient is Allah (for me). There is no god save Him, On Him do I rely, and He is the Lord of the Great Throne. We believe in it! It is all from our Lord! None do mind except those having understanding. Our Lord, make not our hearts deviate after You have guided us aright, and grant us mercy from You; surely, You are the most liberal Giver.\r\n\r\nShaykh al-Tusi says: It is recommended to observe fasting on the first nine days of Muharram. On the tenth of Muharram, it is recommended to abstain from eating and drinking up to afternoon. After that, one may eat a little of the soil of Imam al-Husayn’s tomb (turbat al-husayn; soil taken from the area around the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn).\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus has mentioned the merits of observing fasting during the whole month of Muharram adding that such a deed protects against committing any sin."
}