{
    "content": "FORGERIES OF THE ENEMIES OF IMAM AL-HUSAYN\r\n\r\nIn Zad al-Ma’ad, ‘Allamah al-Majlisi says that it is preferable not to observe fasting on the ninth and tenth of Muharram because the Umayyads used to observe fasting on these two days in order to express delight for and to gloat over the martyrdom of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.). Having seen a good omen in the killing of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.), the Umayyads and their fans fabricated many lies against the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) and falsely ascribed to him that he mentioned many merits to be the reward of those who would observe fasting on these two days. On the other hand, the Holy Imams of the Ahl al-Bayt (a.s.) are reported to have warned against observing fasting on these two days in general and on the tenth of Muhammad, the Day of ‘Ashura’, in particular.\r\n\r\nThe Umayyads - may Allah curse them - used to store up their annual nutriment in their houses on the tenth of Muharram; accordingly, Imam al-Rida(a.s.) is reported to have said, “If one refrains from arranging for any worldly benefit on the tenth of Muharram, Almighty Allah will grant him all his needs for this world and the world to come. If one considers the tenth of Muharram to be the day of his misfortune, sadness, and weeping, Almighty Allah will make the Resurrection Day the day of his delight and happiness; and he will be delighted by us in Paradise. If one considers the tenth of Muharram to be a blessed day and he thus stores up any annual nutriment on that day, Almighty Allah will not bless that which he stored up and will add him to the gang of Yazid, ‘Ubaydullah ibn Ziyad, and ‘Umar ibn Sa’d - may Allah curse them all.”\r\n\r\nIn conclusion, it is required to suspend any worldly activity on this day and to devote oneself to weeping, mourning the martyrdom of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.), recalling his misfortunes, and ordering one’s family members to hold a consolation ceremony in the same way as one may hold for his dearest people. It is also required to abstain from eating and drinking up to the last hour of the day at which one may break the abstention with a drink of water at least, without intending ritual fasting, since to observe fasting on this day is discommended except in cases of obligatory fasting, such as vow fasting and the like. It is also required not to store up anything in the houses, not to laugh, not to entertain oneself, and not to play. It is recommended, on this day, to invoke Almighty Allah to lay curse on the slayers of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) one thousand times by saying following statement:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ الْعَنْ قَتَلَةَ الْحُسَيْنِ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ۔--The summary of the aforementioned worthy essay of ‘Allamah al-Majlisi is that the reports that are ascribed to the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) concerning the merits of the tenth of Muharram, the Day of ‘Ashura’, are all in all fabricated. This topic has been discussed at length by the author of Shifa’ al-Sudur at explaining the famous Ziyarat ‘Ashura’ and, precisely, the statement that reads, “O Allah, verily, the descendants of Umayyah saw a good omen in this day... etc.”\r\n\r\nThe summary of the author’s explanation is as follows: The Umayyads used to regard this day as good omen and they thus used to do many things on it.\r\n\r\n(1) They betook as custom on this day storing up the annual nutriment considering such to achieve happiness, good livelihood, and luxury up to the next year. In order to deny this bad habit, the Holy Imams (a.s.) warned against it in many narrations.\r\n\r\n(2) They considered the tenth of Muharram a feast day on which they would commit to the manners of celebration, such as conferring upon the family members with whatever they need, procuring new clothes, having one’s mustache cut, trimming the nails, and shaking hands with each other as well as other norms.\r\n\r\n(3) They and their fans have been observing fasting on the tenth of Muharram after they have fabricated numerous traditions entailing the significance of observing fasting on this day.\r\n\r\n(4) They and their fans have declared that it is recommended to supplicate Almighty Allah on this day. In order to confirm this forgery, they have invented many merits for this day, included them with fabricated supplications, and taught them to the miscreants of the nation so that they would confuse people and make the matter ambiguous for them. The pro-Umayyad orators used to declare before people that a good event occurred to each Prophet on this day, such as that the fire that Nimrod the tyrannical ruler provoked in order to throw Prophet Abraham (a.s.) there was extinguished on the tenth of Muharram! Pharaoh who chased Prophet Moses (a.s.) was drowned on the tenth of Muharram! Prophet Jesus was saved from crucifixion on the tenth of Muharram!\r\n\r\nSupporting this, Shaykh al-Saduq has reported that Jibillah al-Makkiyyah said that she heard Maytham al-Tammar - may Allah sanctify his soul - saying, “By Allah I swear, this nation will kill the grandson of their Prophet on the tenth of Muharram. The enemies of Allah will betake that day as blessed day. This shall inevitably take place, because it has been already cited in the eternal knowledge of Almighty Allah. I knew these facts from my master and the commander of the believers (namely, Imam Ali ibn Abi-Talib) (a.s.).”\r\n\r\nJibillah (the reporter) then said that she asked Maytham, “How come that the people will betake the day on which al-Husayn (a.s.) will be slain as blessed day?”\r\n\r\nAs he wept, Maytham answered, “They will fabricate traditions and will falsely claim that Almighty Allah accepted the repentance of Prophet Adam on the tenth of Muharram. The truth about this is that Almighty Allah accepted the repentance of Prophet Adam (a.s.) in Dhi’l-Hijjah. They will falsely claim that Almighty Allah saved Prophet Jonah from the fish that had swallowed him on the tenth of Muharram. The truth about this is that the event was in Dhi’l-Qa’dah. They will falsely claim that the Ark of Prophet Noah rested on Mount Judi on the tenth of Muharram. The truth about this is that the Ark rested on the tenth of Dhi’l-Hijjah. They will falsely claim that Almighty Allah split the river for Prophet Moses to cross on the tenth of Muharram. The truth about this is that the event occurred in Rabi’ al-Awwal... etc.”\r\n\r\nThis narration of Maytham al-Tammar has, openly and plainly, confirmed that such traditions were invented and fabricated against the Holy Infallibles (a.s.). It is also one of the signs indicating the true Prophethood of the Holy Prophet Muhammad(a.s.) and the true Divinely commissioned leadership of the Holy Imams (a.s.). Finally, it acts as one of the proofs on the veracity and honesty of Shi’ism. In this narration, Imam Ali(a.s.) undoubtedly predicted that which we have been experiencing and witnessing, which is the fabrications and the forgery of lies against the Holy Infallibles (a.s.).\r\n\r\nDespite all that, the most surprising thing is to notice that some people contrive a supplicatory prayer comprising the aforementioned lies and some unskilled and inexpert writers add such a fabricated supplication to their books that take their way to the publics who will then recite it, although it is surely forbidden to believe in such a false supplication, because it is fabricated. Beginning with statements of praise and glorification of Almighty Allah, this false supplication comprises statements such as “O He Who accepted the repentance of Adam on the Day of ‘Ashura’! O He Who raised Idris to the heavens on the Day of ‘Ashura’! O He Who made the Ark of Noah rest on Mount Judi on the Day of ‘Ashura’! O He Who saved Abraham from fire on the Day of ‘Ashura’... etc.”\r\n\r\nUndoubtedly, this supplication was invented by the Nasibis (or Nawasib) of al-Madinah, the Khawarij of Muscat, or their likes who imitated the Umayyads in their wrongdoings against the Household of the Holy Prophet.\r\n\r\nTHE DAY OF ASHURA\r\n\r\nAt the last hours of the Day of ‘Ashura’, it is necessary to bring to mind the situation of Imam al-Husayn’s harem at those hours when they were taken as captives in Karbala’ while they were unimaginably depressed and unfortunate that they could do nothing but weeping. No author can ever describe the actual manner of Imam al-Husayn’s harem, daughters, and children at these hours since the misfortunes that they had to encounter had never stricken any human being on this earth.\r\n\r\n--فَاجِعَةٌ اِنْ اَرَدْتُ اَكْتُبُهَا مُجْمَلَةً ذِكْرَةً لِمُدَّكِرٍ جَرَتْ دُمُوْعِىْ فَحَالَ حَاۤئِلُهَا مَا بَیْنَ لَحْظِ الْجُفُوْنِ وَالزُّبُرِ وَقَالَ قَلْبِىْ بُقْیَا عَلَىَّ فَلَا وَاللهِ مَا قَدْ طُبِعْتُ مِنْ حَجَرٍ بَكَتْلَهَاالْاَرْضُوَالسَّمَاۤءُوَمَا بَیْنَهُمَا فِىْ مَدَامِعٍ حُمُرٍ", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "THE DAY OF ASHURA\r\n\r\nAt the last hours of the Day of ‘Ashura’, it is necessary to bring to mind the situation of Imam al-Husayn’s harem at those hours when they were taken as captives in Karbala’ while they were unimaginably depressed and unfortunate that they could do nothing but weeping. No author can ever describe the actual manner of Imam al-Husayn’s harem, daughters, and children at these hours since the misfortunes that they had to encounter had never stricken any human being on this earth.\r\n\r\nReferring to this meaning, a poet says,\r\n\r\nIt is a calamity indeed! If I try to write it down In whole, so as to remain an example, My tears will flow and thus block the way Between my eyes and the papers And my heart will beg me to spare its life For it is not created from stone (to bear that) Wept for that disaster both the earth and the skies And whatever is between them in bleeding tears"
}