{
    "content": "is well-known for bringing bad luck; and nothing can remove bad luck except almsgiving, supplication to Almighty Allah, and traditional supplications of seeking His protection against Satan and bad things.\r\n\r\nAl-Muhaddith al-Fayd and other scholars have mentioned that if you desire to be saved from the misfortunes and bad luck of the month of Safar, you may repeat the following supplicatory prayer ten times every day in this month:\r\n\r\n--يَا شَدِيْدَ الْقُوٰى وَ يَا شَدِيْدَ الْمِحَالِ يَا عَزِيْزُ يَا عَزِيْزُ يَا عَزِيْزُ ذَلَّتْ بِعَظَمَتِكَ جَمِيْعُ خَلْقِكَ فَاكْفِنِيْ شَرَّ خَلْقِكَ يَا مُحْسِنُ يَا مُجْمِلُ يَا مُنْعِمُ يَا مُفْضِلُ يَا لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ سُبْحَانَكَ اِنِّيْۤ كُنْتُ مِنَ الظَّالِمِيْنَ فَاسْتَجَبْنَا لَهُ وَ نَجَّيْنَاهُ مِنَ الْغَمِّ وَ كَذٰلِكَ نُنْجِيْ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ۔--As for Sayyid Ibn Tawus, he has mentioned a supplicatory prayer that is said at the sight the new moon of Safar.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "is well-known for bringing bad luck; and nothing can remove bad luck except almsgiving, supplication to Almighty Allah, and traditional supplications of seeking His protection against Satan and bad things.\r\n\r\nAl-Muhaddith al-Fayd and other scholars have mentioned that if you desire to be saved from the misfortunes and bad luck of the month of Safar, you may repeat the following supplicatory prayer ten times every day in this month:\r\n\r\nO Lord of mighty prowess! O Lord of mighty power! O Exalted in might! O Exalted in might! O Exalted in might! Submissive to Your Almightiness are all of Your creatures; so, (please) save me from the evil of Your creatures. O All-liberal! O All-bountiful! O Source of all bounties! O Doer of favors! O He save Whom there is no god! All glory be to You! Verily, I have been a wrongdoer. So We heard his prayer and saved him from the anguish. Thus do We save the believers. May Allah send blessings to Muhammad and his Household, the pure and immaculate.\r\n\r\nAs for Sayyid Ibn Tawus, he has mentioned a supplicatory prayer that is said at the sight the new moon of Safar."
}