{
    "content": "On the third of Jamadi al-Akhirah, AH 11, Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’(a.s.) departed life. The Shi’ah are thus required to hold consolation ceremonies, visit her, and curse those who wronged her and usurped her right.\r\n\r\nAs he mentions that Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’(a.s.) departed life on this day, Sayyid Ibn Tawus, in Iqbal al-A’mal, has mentioned the following form of Ziyarah that is dedicated to her:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا سَيِّدَةَ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا وَالِدَةَ الْحُجَجِ عَلَى النَّاسِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْمَظْلُوْمَةُ الْمَمْنُوْعَةُ حَقَّهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰۤى اَمَتِكَ وَ ابْنَةِ نَبِيِّكَ وَ زَوْجَةِ وَصِيِّ نَبِيِّكَ صَلَاةً تُزْلِفُهَا فَوْقَ زُلْفٰى عِبَادِكَ الْمُكَرَّمِيْنَ مِنْ اَهْلِ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَ اَهْلِ الْاَرَضِيْنَ۔--It has been narrated that if one visits Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’(a.s.) with this form of Ziyarah and then implores for Almighty Allah’s forgiveness, Almighty Allah will forgive his sins and allow him Paradise.\r\n\r\nThis very form of Ziyarah has also been mentioned by the son of Sayyid Ibn Tawus in his book entitled Zawa’id al-Fawa’id adding that it is dedicated to the day of Lady Fatimah’s demise, which is the third of Jumada al-Akhirah. He adds that the method of saying this Ziyarah is to begin with offering the Ziyarah Prayer or the prayer of Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’(a.s.), which is a two unit prayer at each of which Surah al-Faatehah is recited once and Surah al-Tawheed repeated sixty times if possible, otherwise Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Tawheed are recited in the first unit and Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Kafirun in the second. After accomplishment, the aforementioned form of Ziyarah is recited.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "On the third of Jumada al-Akhirah, AH 11, Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (a.s.) departed life. The Shi’ah are thus required to hold consolation ceremonies, visit her, and curse those who wronged her and usurped her right.\r\n\r\nAs he mentions that Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (a.s.) departed life on this day, Sayyid Ibn Tawus, in Iqbal al-A’mal, has mentioned the following form of Ziyarah that is dedicated to her:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O doyenne of the women of the world! Peace be upon you, O mother of the Arguments on all peoples! Peace be upon you, O wronged one whose right was usurped. O Allah, send blessings to Your she-servant, the daughter of Your Prophet, the wife of the Successor of Your Prophet-such remarkable blessings that approach her nearer to You than the steps of Your honored servants among the inhabitants of the heavens and the earth.\r\n\r\nIt has been narrated that if one visits Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (a.s.) with this form of Ziyarah and then implores for Almighty Allah’s forgiveness, Almighty Allah will forgive his sins and allow him Paradise.\r\n\r\nThis very form of Ziyarah has also been mentioned by the son of Sayyid Ibn Tawus in his book entitled Zawa’id al-Fawa’id adding that it is dedicated to the day of Lady Fatimah’s demise, which is the third of Jumada al-Akhirah. He adds that the method of saying this Ziyarah is to begin with offering the Ziyarah Prayer or the prayer of Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (a.s.), which is a two unit prayer at each of which Surah al-Faatehah is recited once and Surah al-Tawheed repeated sixty times if possible, otherwise Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Tawheed are recited in the first unit and Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Kafirun in the second. After accomplishment, the aforementioned form of Ziyarah is recited."
}