{
    "content": "In his book of al-Mazar, Shaykh al-Mufid mentioned another form of ziyarah, different from the previous one, dedicated to the fifteenth of Rajab. This night is called ghufaylah (the unattended night), because the majority of people do not make it the object of their attention.\r\n\r\nWhen you want to visit Imam al-Husayn’s tomb at this night, you may enter the holy shrine and repeat the following statement three times:\r\n\r\n--اَللهُ اَكْبَرُ--Then, you may stop at the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اٰلَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَا صَفْوَةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَا خِيَرَةَ اللّٰهِ مِنْ خَلْقِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَا سَادَةَ السَّادَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَا لُيُوْثَ [عَلَى لُيُوْثِ‏] الْغَابَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَا سُفُنَ النَّجَاةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ الْحُسَيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ عِلْمِ الْاَنْبِيَاۤءِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ اٰدَمَ صَفْوَةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ نُوْحٍ نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ خَلِيْلِ اللّٰهِ‏ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ اِسْمَاعِيْلَ ذَبِيْحِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ مُوْسٰى كَلِيْمِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ عِيْسَى رُوْحِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ مُحَمَّدٍ حَبِيْبِ اللّٰهِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْمُصْطَفٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْمُرْتَضٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ فَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ خَدِيْجَةَ الْكُبْرٰىۤ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا شَهِيْدُ ابْنَ الشَّهِيْدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا قَتِيْلُ ابْنَ الْقَتِيْلِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ وَلِيِّهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ حُجَّتِهِ عَلٰى خَلْقِهِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ رُزِئْتَ [وَ بَرَرْتَ‏] بِوَالِدَيْكَ وَ جَاهَدْتَ عَدُوَّكَ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ تَسْمَعُ الْكَلَامَ وَ تَرُدُّ الْجَوَابَ وَ اَنَّكَ حَبِيْبُ اللّٰهِ وَ خَلِيْلُهُ وَ نَجِيْبُهُ [نَجِيُهُ‏]، وَ صَفِيُّهُ وَ ابْنُ صَفِيِّهِ يَا مَوْلَايَ [وَ ابْنَ مَوْلَايَ‏] زُرْتُكَ مُشْتَاقًا فَكُنْ لِيْ شَفِيْعًا اِلَى اللّٰهِ يَا سَيِّدِيْ وَ اَسْتَشْفِعُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ بِجَدِّكَ سَيِّدِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ بِاَبِيْكَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ وَ بِاُمِّكَ فَاطِمَةَ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلَا لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ قَاتِلِيْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ ظَالِمِيْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ سَالِبِيْكَ وَ مُبْغِضِيْكَ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى سَيِّدِنَا مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ۔--You may then kiss the holy tomb and direct towards the tomb of ‘Ali ibn al-Husayn (‘a) in order to visit him. You may say the following words there:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ وَ ابْنَ مَوْلَايَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ قَاتِلِيْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ ظَالِمِيْكَ اِنِّيۤ اَتَقَرَّبُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ بِزِيَارَتِكُمْ وَ بِمَحَبَّتِكُمْ وَ اَبْرَاُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ مِنْ اَعْدَاۤئِكُمْ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ ۔--You may then walk to the tombs of the martyrs - pleasure of Allah be upon them - and stop there to say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاَرْوَاحِ الْمُنِيْخَةِ بِقَبْرِ اَبِيْ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ الْحُسَيْنِ عَلَيْهِ السَّلَامُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَا طَاهِرِيْنَ مِنَ الدَّنَسِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَا مَهْدِيُّوْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَبْرَارَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَ عَلَى الْمَلَاۤئِكَةِ الْحَآفِّيْنَ بِقُبُوْرِكُمْ اَجْمَعِيْنَ جَمَعَنَا اللّٰهُ وَ اِيَّاكُمْ فِيْ مُسْتَقَرِّ رَحْمَتِهِ وَ تَحْتِ عَرْشِهِ اِنَّهُ اَرْحَمُ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then walk to the holy shrine of al-’Abbas the son of Amir al-Mu’minin, peace be upon both of them. When you reach there, you may stop at the gate of the dome and say the same previously mentioned words of visiting him.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "In his book of alMazar, Shaykh alMufid mentioned another form of ziyarah, different from the previous one, dedicated to the fifteenth of Rajab. This night is called ghufaylah (the unattended night), because the majority of people do not make it the object of their attention.\r\n\r\nWhen you want to visit Imam alHusayn’s tomb at this night, you may enter the holy shrine and repeat the following statement three times:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great.\r\n\r\nThen, you may stop at the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you all, O Household of Allah. Peace be upon you all, O elite of Allah. Peace be upon you all, O best of Allah’s creatures. Peace be upon you all, O masters of all masters. Peace be upon you all, O lions of jungles. Peace be upon you all, O arks of redemption. Peace be upon you, O Abu-'Abdullah al-Husayn. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you, O inheritor of the knowledge of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Adam the elite of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Noah the Prophet of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Abraham the intimate friend of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Ishmael the slaughtered for the sake of Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Moses the spoken by Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Jesus the spirit from Allah. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of Muhammad the dearly beloved by Allah. Peace be upon you, O son of Muhammad the Chosen Prophet. Peace be upon you, O son of ‘Ali the well-Pleased. Peace be upon you, O son of Fatimah the luminous lady. Peace be upon you, O son of Khadijah the grand lady. Peace be upon you, O martyr and son of the martyr. Peace be upon you, O slain and son of the slain. Peace be upon you, O saint and son of the saint. Peace be upon you, O argument of Allah and son of His argument against His creatures. I bear witness that you performed the prayers, gave the poor-rate, enjoined the right, forbade the wrong, were deprived of your parents, and strove against your enemies. I also bear witness that you can now hear the speech and answer back and you are verily the beloved of Allah, His intimate friend, His selected servant, His elite, and son of His elite. O y master and son of my master, I m visiting you because of my eagerness to you; so, (please) my master, be my interceder before Allah. I also seek the intercession of your grandfather the chief of the Prophets before Allah, I seek the intercession of your father the chief of the Prophets’ Successors, and I seek the intercession of your mother the Doyenne of the women of the worlds. May Allah curse those who slew you. May Allah curse those who wronged you. May Allah curse those who deprived you (of your right) and those who hated you from the past and the coming generations. May Allah send blessings upon our chief Muhammad and upon his Household the immaculate and pure.\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the holy tomb and direct towards the tomb of ‘Ali ibn alHusayn (‘a) in order to visit him. You may say the following words there:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O my master and son of my master. May Allah curse those who slew you. May Allah curse those who wronged you. Verily, I seek nearness to Allah through my visit to you and my showing love for you all. I release myself before Allah from your enemies. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you, O my master.\r\n\r\nYou may then walk to the tombs of the martyrs  pleasure of Allah be upon them  and stop there to say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon the souls that are residing near the tomb of Abu-' Abdullah al-Husayn. Peace be upon you all, O purified from filth. Peace be upon you all, O well-guided ones. Peace be upon you all, O pious to Allah. Peace be upon you and upon the angels surrounding all your graves. May Allah gather us with you in the center of His mercy and under His Throne. Verily, He is the most merciful of all those who show mercy. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then walk to the holy shrine of al’Abbas the son of Amir alMu’minin, peace be upon both of them. When you reach there, you may stop at the gate of the dome and say the same previously mentioned words of visiting him. These words begin with the following statement:\r\n\r\nPeace of Allah and Peace of His favorite angels..."
}