{
    "content": "Fifth: The most important rite on this day is to say the supplicatory prayer known as Dua Ummi-Dawud. This great supplicatory prayer brings about innumerable rewards some of which are that it grants the requests, relieves from anguishes, and saves from the persecutions of the wrongdoers.\r\n\r\nIn the word of Shaykh al-Tusi, in his book of Misbah al-Mutahajjid, one who intend to do this rite is required to observe fasting on the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth days of Rajab. At the midday (zohr) of the fifteenth, one should bathe himself. After midday (zohr), one should offer the obligatory Zohr and Asr Prayers so excellently that one should do all the parts perfectly. It is advisable to be in a vacant place so as not to be engaged with anything and not to be addressed by anyone. When the (obligatory) prayer is accomplished, one should face the kiblah direction and recite Surah al-Faatehah one hundred times, Surah al-Tawheed one hundred times, and Ayah al-Kursi ten times. Afterward, Surahs al-An’am (No. 6), al-Isra’ (also called Bani-Isra’il; No. 17), al-Kahf (No. 18), Luqman (No. 31), Yasin (No. 36), al-Saaffaat (No. 37), al-Zukhruf (No. 43), al-Shura (No. 42), al-Dukhan (No. 44), al-Fath (No. 48), al-Waqiah (No. 56), al-Mulk (No. 67), al-Qalam (No. 68), al-Inshiqaq (No. 84) and all Surahs following up to the end of the Holy Qur’an should be recited.\r\n\r\nAfter reciting all these Surahs, one may, still facing the kiblah, say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--صَدَقَ اللّٰهُ الْعَظِيْمُ الَّذِيْ لَا اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ الْحَيُّ الْقَيُّوْمُ ذُو الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ الرَّحْمٰنُ الرَّحِيْمُ الْحَلِيْمُ الْكَرِيْمُ الَّذِيْ لَيْسَ كَمِثْلِهِ شَيْ‏ءٌ وَ هُوَ السَّمِيْعُ الْعَلِيْمُ الْبَصِيْرُ الْخَبِيْرُ شَهِدَ اللّٰهُ اَنَّهُ لَا اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ وَ الْمَلَاۤئِكَةُ وَ اُوْلُوا الْعِلْمِ قَاۤئِمًا بِالْقِسْطِ لَا اِلٰهَ اِلَّا هُوَ الْعَزِيْزُ الْحَكِيْمُ وَ بَلَّغَتْ رُسُلُهُ الْكِرَامُ وَ اَنَا عَلٰى ذَالِكَ مِنَ الشَّاهِدِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ لَكَ الْحَمْدُ وَ لَكَ الْمَجْدُ وَ لَكَ الْعِزُّ وَ لَكَ الْفَخْرُ وَ لَكَ الْقَهْرُ وَ لَكَ النِّعْمَةُ وَ لَكَ الْعَظَمَةُ وَ لَكَ الرَّحْمَةُ وَ لَكَ الْمَهَابَةُ وَ لَكَ السُّلْطَانُ وَ لَكَ الْبَهَاءُ وَ لَكَ الْاِمْتِنَانُ وَ لَكَ التَّسْبِيْحُ وَ لَكَ التَّقْدِيْسُ وَ لَكَ التَّهْلِيْلُ وَ لَكَ التَّكْبِيْرُ وَ لَكَ مَا يُرَىٰ وَ لَكَ مَا لَا يُرَىٰ وَ لَكَ مَا فَوْقَ السَّمَاوَاتِ الْعُلَىٰ، وَ لَكَ مَا تَحْتَ الثَّرَىٰ وَ لَكَ الْاَرَضُوْنَ السُّفْلٰى وَ لَكَ الْآخِرَةُ وَ الْأُوْلٰى وَ لَكَ مَا تَرْضَىٰ بِهِ مِنَ الثَّنَاءِ وَ الْحَمْدِ وَ الشُّكْرِ وَ النَّعْمَاءِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى جَبْرَئِيْلَ اَمِيْنِكَ عَلٰى وَحْيِكَ وَ الْقَوِيِّ عَلٰى اَمْرِكَ وَ الْمُطَاعِ فِي سَمَاوَاتِكَ وَ مَحَالِّ كَرَامَاتِكَ الْمُتَحَمِّلِ لِكَلِمَاتِكَ النَّاصِرِ لِاَنْبِيَاۤئِكَ الْمُدَمِّرِ لِاَعْدَاۤئِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مِيْكَاۤئِيْلَ مَلَكِ رَحْمَتِكَ وَ الْمَخْلُوْقِ لِرَأْفَتِكَ وَ الْمُسْتَغْفِرِ الْمُعِيْنِ لِاَهْلِ طَاعَتِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى اِسْرَافِيْلَ حَامِلِ عَرْشِكَ وَ صَاحِبِ الصُّوْرِ الْمُنْتَظِرِ لِاَمْرِكَ الْوَجِلِ الْمُشْفِقِ مِنْ خِيْفَتِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى حَمَلَةِ الْعَرْشِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ، وَ عَلَى السَّفَرَةِ الْكِرَامِ الْبَرَرَةِ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ وَ عَلٰى مَلَاۤئِكَتِكَ الْكِرَامِ الْكَاتِبِيْنَ وَ عَلٰى مَلَاۤئِكَةِ الْجِنَانِ وَ خَزَنَةِ النِّيْرَانِ وَ مَلَكِ الْمَوْتِ وَ الْاَعْوَانِ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى اَبِيْنَا آدَمَ بَدِيْعِ فِطْرَتِكَ الَّذِيْ كَرَّمْتَهُ بِسُجُوْدِ مَلَاۤئِكَتِكَ وَ اَبَحْتَهُ جَنَّتَكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى اُمِّنَا حَوَّاءَ الْمُطَهَّرَةِ مِنَ الرِّجْسِ الْمُصَفَّاةِ مِنَ الدَّنَسِ الْمُفَضَّلَةِ مِنَ الْاِنْسِ الْمُتَرَدِّدَةِ بَيْنَ مَحَالِّ الْقُدْسِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى هَابِيْلَ وَ شَيْثٍ وَ اِدْرِيْسَ وَ نُوْحٍ وَ هُوْدٍ وَ صَالِحٍ وَ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ وَ اِسْمَاعِيْلَ وَ اِسْحَاقَ وَ يَعْقُوْبَ وَ يُوْسُفَ وَ الْاَسْبَاطِ وَ لُوْطٍ وَ شُعَيْبٍ وَ اَيُّوْبَ وَ مُوْسَىٰ وَ هَارُوْنَ وَ يُوْشَعَ وَ مِيْشَا وَ الْخِضْرِ وَ ذِي الْقَرْنَيْنِ وَ يُوْنُسَ وَ اِلْيَاسَ وَ الْيَسَعِ وَ ذِي الْكِفْلِ وَ طَالُوْتَ وَ دَاوُدَ وَ سُلَيْمَانَ وَ زَكَرِيَّا وَ شَعْيَا وَ يَحْيَىٰ وَ تُوْرَخَ وَ مَتَّى وَ اِرْمِيَا وَ حَيْقُوْقَ وَ دَانِيَالَ وَ عُزَيْرٍ وَ عِيْسَىٰ وَ شَمْعُوْنَ وَ جِرْجِيْسَ وَ الْحَوَارِيِّيْنَ وَ الْاَتْبَاعِ وَ خَالِدٍ وَ حَنْظَلَةَ وَ لُقْمَانَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ ارْحَمْ مُحَمَّدًا وَ آلَ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ بَارِكْ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا صَلَّيْتَ وَ رَحِمْتَ [وَ تَرَحَّمْتَ‏] وَ بَارَكْتَ عَلٰى اِبْرَاهِيْمَ وَ اٰلِ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ اِنَّكَ حَمِيْدٌ مَجِيْدٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى الْاَوْصِيَاءِ وَ السُّعَدَاءِ وَ الشُّهَدَاءِ وَ اَئِمَّةِ الْهُدَىٰ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَى الْاَبْدَالِ وَ الْاَوْتَادِ وَ السُّيَّاحِ وَ الْعُبَّادِ وَ الْمُخْلِصِيْنَ وَ الزُّهَّادِ وَ اَهْلِ الْجِدِّ وَ الْاِجْتِهَادِ وَ اخْصُصْ مُحَمَّدًا وَ اَهْلَ بَيْتِهِ بِاَفْضَلِ صَلَوَاتِكَ وَ اَجْزَلِ كَرَامَاتِكَ وَ بَلِّغْ رُوْحَهُ وَ جَسَدَهُ مِنِّي تَحِيَّةً وَ سَلَامًا وَ زِدْهُ فَضْلًا وَ شَرَفًا وَ كَرَمًا حَتَّىٰ تُبَلِّغَهُ اَعْلٰى دَرَجَاتِ اَهْلِ الشَّرَفِ مِنَ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ وَ الْاَفَاضِلِ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مَنْ سَمَّيْتُ وَ مَنْ لَمْ اُسَمِّ مِنْ مَلَاۤئِكَتِكَ وَ اَنْبِيَاۤئِكَ وَ رُسُلِكَ وَ اَهْلِ طَاعَتِكَ وَ اَوْصِلْ صَلَوَاتِي اِلَيْهِمْ وَ اِلٰى اَرْوَاحِهِمْ وَ اجْعَلْهُمْ اِخْوَانِي فِيْكَ وَ اَعْوَانِي عَلٰى دُعَاۤئِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي اَسْتَشْفِعُ بِكَ اِلَيْكَ وَ بِكَرَمِكَ اِلٰى كَرَمِكَ وَ بِجُوْدِكَ اِلٰى جُوْدِكَ وَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ اِلٰى رَحْمَتِكَ، وَ بِاَهْلِ طَاعَتِكَ اِلَيْكَ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ بِكُلِّ مَا سَاَلَكَ بِهِ اَحَدٌ مِنْهُمْ مِنْ مَسْاَلَةٍ شَرِيْفَةٍ غَيْرِ مَرْدُوْدَةٍ وَ بِمَا دَعَوْكَ بِهِ مِنْ دَعْوَةٍ مُجَابَةٍ غَيْرِ مُخَيَّبَةٍ يَا اللّٰهُ يَا رَحْمَانُ يَا رَحِيْمُ يَا حَلِيْمُ يَا كَرِيمُ يَا عَظِيْمُ يَا جَلِيْلُ يَا مُنِيْلُ يَا جَمِيْلُ يَا كَفِيْلُ يَا وَكِيْلُ يَا مُقِيْلُ يَا مُجِيْرُ يَا خَبِيْرُ يَا مُنِيْرُ يَا مُبِيْرُ يَا مَنِيْعُ يَا مُدِيْلُ يَا مُحِيْلُ يَا كَبِيْرُ يَا قَدِيْرُ يَا بَصِيْرُ يَا شَكُوْرُ يَا بَرُّ يَا طُهْرُ يَا طَاهِرُ يَا قَاهِرُ يَا ظَاهِرُ يَا بَاطِنُ يَا سَاتِرُ يَا مُحِيْطُ يَا مُقْتَدِرُ يَا حَفِيْظُ يَا مُتَجَبِّرُ يَا قَرِيْبُ يَا وَدُوْدُ يَا حَمِيْدُ يَا مَجِيْدُ يَا مُبْدِئُ يَا مُعِيْدُ يَا شَهِيْدُ يَا مُحْسِنُ يَا مُجْمِلُ يَا مُنْعِمُ يَا مُفْضِلُ يَا قَابِضُ يَا بَاسِطُ يَا هَادِيْ، يَا مُرْسِلُ يَا مُرْشِدُ يَا مُسَدِّدُ يَا مُعْطِي يَا مَانِعُ يَا دَافِعُ يَا رَافِعُ يَا بَاقِي ْيَا وَاقِيْ يَا خَلَّاقُ يَا وَهَّابُ يَا تَوَّابُ يَا فَتَّاحُ يَا نَفَّاحُ يَا مُرْتَاحُ يَا مَنْ بِيَدِهِ كُلُّ مِفْتَاحٍ يَا نَفَّاعُ يَا رَءُوْفُ يَا عَطُوْفُ يَا كَافِيْ يَا شَافِيْ يَا مُعَافِيْ يَا مُكَافِيْ يَا وَفِيُّ يَا مُهَيْمِنُ يَا عَزِيْزُ يَا جَبَّارُ يَا مُتَكَبِّرُ يَا سَلَامُ يَا مُؤْمِنُ يَا اَحَدُ يَا صَمَدُ يَا نُوْرُ يَا مُدَبِّرُ يَا فَرْدُ يَا وِتْرُ يَا قُدُّوْسُ يَا نَاصِرُ يَا مُوْنِسُ يَا بَاعِثُ يَا وَارِثُ يَا عَالِمُ يَا حَاكِمُ يَا بَادِيْ يَا مُتَعَالِي يَا مُصَوِّرُ يَا مُسَلِّمُ يَا مُتَحَبِّبُ يَا قَاۤئِمُ يَا دَاۤئِمُ يَا عَلِيْمُ يَا حَكِيْمُ يَا جَوَادُ يَا بَارِئُ يَا بَارُّ يَا سَارُّ يَا عَدْلُ يَا فَاصِلُ يَا دَيَّانُ يَا حَنَّانُ يَا مَنَّانُ، يَا سَمِيْعُ يَا بَدِيْعُ يَا خَفِيْرُ يَا مُعِينُ [مُغَيِّرُ] يَا نَاشِرُ يَا غَافِرُ يَا قَدِيْمُ يَا مُسَهِّلُ يَا مُيَسِّرُ يَا مُمِيْتُ يَا مُحْيِيْ يَا نَافِعُ يَا رَازِقُ يَا مُقْتَدِرُ [مُقَدِّرُ] يَا مُسَبِّبُ يَا مُغِيْثُ يَا مُغْنِيْ يَا مُقْنِيْ يَا خَالِقُ يَا رَاصِدُ يَا وَاحِدُ يَا حَاضِرُ يَا جَابِرُ يَا حَافِظُ يَا شَدِيْدُ يَا غِيَاثُ يَا عَاۤئِدُ يَا قَابِضُ يَا مَنْ عَلَا فَاسْتَعْلٰى فَكَانَ بِالْمَنْظَرِ الْاَعْلٰى يَا مَنْ قَرُبَ فَدَنَا وَ بَعُدَ فَنَاَىٰ وَ عَلِمَ السِّرَّ وَ اَخْفَى يَا مَنْ اِلَيْهِ التَّدْبِيْرُ وَ لَهُ الْمَقَادِيْرُ وَ يَا مَنِ الْعَسِيْرُ عَلَيْهِ سَهْلٌ يَسِيْرٌ يَا مَنْ هُوَ عَلٰى مَا يَشَاءُ قَدِيْرٌ يَا مُرْسِلَ الرِّيَاحِ يَا فَالِقَ الْاِصْبَاحِ يَا بَاعِثَ الْاَرْوَاحِ يَا ذَا الْجُوْدِ وَ السَّمَاحِ يَا رَادَّ مَا قَدْ فَاتَ يَا نَاشِرَ الْاَمْوَاتِ يَا جَامِعَ الشَّتَاتِ، يَا رَازِقَ مَنْ يَشَاءُ بِغَيْرِ حِسَابٍ وَ يَا فَاعِلَ مَا يَشَاءُ كَيْفَ يَشَاءُ وَ يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ يَا حَيُّ يَا قَيُّوْمُ يَا حَيًّا حِيْنَ لَا حَيَّ يَا حَيُّ يَا مُحْيِيَ الْمَوْتٰى يَا حَيُّ لَا اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ بَدِيْعُ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَ الْاَرْضِ يَا اِلٰهِيْ وَ سَيِّدِيْ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ ارْحَمْ مُحَمَّدًا وَ آلَ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ بَارِكْ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ كَمَا صَلَّيْتَ وَ بَارَكْتَ وَ رَحِمْتَ [تَرَحَّمْتَ‏] عَلٰى اِبْرَاهِيْمَ وَ اٰلِ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ اِنَّكَ حَمِيْدٌ مَجِيْدٌ وَ ارْحَمْ ذُلِّي وَ فَاقَتِيْ وَ فَقْرِيْ وَ انْفِرَادِيْ وَ وَحْدَتِي وَ خُضُوْعِيْ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ وَ اعْتِمَادِيْ عَلَيْكَ وَ تَضَرُّعِيْ اِلَيْكَ، اَدْعُوْكَ دُعَاءَ الْخَاضِعِ الذَّلِيْلِ الْخَاشِعِ الْخَاۤئِفِ الْمُشْفِقِ الْبَاۤئِسِ الْمَهِيْنِ الْحَقِيْرِ الْجَاۤئِعِ الْفَقِيْرِ الْعَاۤئِذِ الْمُسْتَجِيْرِ الْمُقِرِّ بِذَنْبِهِ الْمُسْتَغْفِرِ مِنْهُ الْمُسْتَكِيْنِ لِرَبِّهِ دُعَاءَ مَنْ اَسْلَمَتْهُ ثِقَتُهُ [نَفْسُهُ‏] وَ رَفَضَتْهُ اَحِبَّتُهُ وَ عَظُمَتْ فَجِيْعَتُهُ دُعَاءَ حَرِقٍ حَزِيْنٍ ضَعِيْفٍ مَهِيْنٍ بَاۤئِسٍ مُسْتَكِيْنٍ بِكَ مُسْتَجِيْرٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِاَنَّكَ مَلِيْكٌ وَ اَنَّكَ مَا تَشَاءُ مِنْ اَمْرٍ يَكُوْنُ وَ اَنَّكَ عَلٰى مَا تَشَاءُ قَدِيْرٌ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِحُرْمَةِ هٰذَا الشَّهْرِ الْحَرَامِ وَ الْبَيْتِ الْحَرَامِ وَ الْبَلَدِ الْحَرَامِ وَ الرُّكْنِ وَ الْمَقَامِ وَ الْمَشَاعِرِ الْعِظَامِ وَ بِحَقِّ نَبِيِّكَ مُحَمَّدٍ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ يَا مَنْ وَهَبَ لِآدَمَ شَيْثًا، وَ لِاِبْرَاهِيْمَ اِسْمَاعِيْلَ وَ اِسْحَاقَ وَ يَا مَنْ رَدَّ يُوْسُفَ عَلٰى يَعْقُوْبَ وَ يَا مَنْ كَشَفَ بَعْدَ الْبَلَاءِ ضُرَّ اَيُّوْبَ يَا رَادَّ مُوْسَىٰ عَلٰى اُمِّهِ وَ زَاۤئِدَ الْخِضْرِ فِي عِلْمِهِ وَ يَا مَنْ وَهَبَ لِدَاوُدَ سُلَيْمَانَ وَ لِزَكَرِيَّا يَحْيَىٰ وَ لِمَرْيَمَ عِيْسَىٰ يَا حَافِظَ بِنْتِ شُعَيْبٍ وَ يَا كَافِلَ وَلَدِ اُمِّ مُوْسَىٰ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَغْفِرَ لِي ذُنُوْبِيْ كُلَّهَا وَ تُجِيْرَنِي مِنْ عَذَابِكَ وَ تُوْجِبَ لِي رِضْوَانَكَ وَ اَمَانَكَ وَ اِحْسَانَكَ وَ غُفْرَانَكَ وَ جِنَانَكَ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تَفُكَّ عَنِّيْ كُلَّ حَلْقَةٍ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَ مَنْ يُؤْذِيْنِيْ، وَ تَفْتَحَ لِيْ كُلَّ بَابٍ وَ تُلَيِّنَ لِيْ كُلَّ صَعْبٍ وَ تُسَهِّلَ لِيْ كُلَّ عَسِيْرٍ وَ تُخْرِسَ عَنِّيْ كُلَّ نَاطِقٍ بِشَرٍّ وَ تَكُفَّ عَنِّيْ كُلَّ بَاغٍ وَ تَكْبِتَ [عَنِّي‏] كُلَّ عَدُوٍّ لِيْ وَ حَاسِدٍ وَ تَمْنَعَ مِنِّيْ كُلَّ ظَالِمٍ وَ تَكْفِيَنِيْ كُلَّ عَاۤئِقٍ يَحُوْلُ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَ حَاجَتِيْ وَ يُحَاوِلُ اَنْ يُفَرِّقَ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَ طَاعَتِكَ وَ يُثَبِّطَنِيْ عَنْ عِبَادَتِكَ يَا مَنْ اَلْجَمَ الْجِنَّ الْمُتَمَرِّدِيْنَ وَ قَهَرَ عُتَاةَ الشَّيَاطِيْنِ وَ اَذَلَّ رِقَابَ الْمُتَجَبِّرِيْنَ وَ رَدَّ كَيْدَ الْمُتَسَلِّطِيْنَ عَنِ الْمُسْتَضْعَفِيْنَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِقُدْرَتِكَ عَلٰى مَا تَشَاءُ وَ تَسْهِيْلِكَ لِمَا تَشَاءُ كَيْفَ تَشَاءُ اَنْ تَجْعَلَ قَضَاءَ حَاجَتِيْ فِيْمَا تَشَاءُ۔--Then, you may prostrate yourself and try to stick your cheeks to the ground, saying the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ لَكَ سَجَدْتُ وَ بِكَ آمَنْتُ فَارْحَمْ ذُلِّي وَ فَاقَتِيْ وَ اجْتِهَادِيْ وَ تَضَرُّعِيْ وَ مَسْكَنَتِيْ وَ فَقْرِيْ اِلَيْكَ يَا رَبِّ۔--You should try to shed even a single drop of tear, for this is the signal of admission.\r\n\r\nOn the twenty-fifth of Rajab, AH 183, Imam Musa ibn Ja’far (a.s.) departed life in Baghdad while he was fifty-five years old. On this day, the mourning and sadness of the Holy Prophet’s Household, as well as their adherents, are agitated.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Fifth: The most important rite on this day is to say the supplicatory prayer known as Dua Ummi-Dawud. This great supplicatory prayer brings about innumerable rewards some of which are that it grants the requests, relieves from anguishes, and saves from the persecutions of the wrongdoers.\r\n\r\nIn the word of Shaykh al-Tusi, in his book of Misbah al-Mutahajjid, one who intend to do this rite is required to observe fasting on the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth days of Rajab. At the midday of the fifteenth, one should bathe himself. After midday, one should offer the obligatory Zohr and Asr Prayers so excellently that one should do all the parts perfectly. It is advisable to be in a vacant place so as not to be engaged with anything and not to be addressed by anyone. When the (obligatory) prayer is accomplished, one should face the kiblah direction and recite Surah al-Faatehah one hundred times, Surah al-Tawheed one hundred times, and Ayah al-Kursi ten times. Afterward, Surahs al-An’am (No. 6), al-Isra’ (also called Bani-Isra’il; No. 17), al-Kahf (No. 18), Luqman (No. 31), Yasin (No. 36), al-Saaffaat (No. 37), al-Zukhruf (No. 43), al-Shura (No. 42), al-Dukhan (No. 44), al-Fath (No. 48), al-Waqiah (No. 56), al-Mulk (No. 67), al-Qalam (No. 68), al-Inshiqaq (No. 84) and all Surahs following up to the end of the Holy Qur’an should be recited.\r\n\r\nAfter reciting all these Surahs, one may, still facing the kiblah, say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nTrue are the words of Allah, the All-great. There is no god save Him, the Ever-living, the Eternal, The Lord of Majesty and Honor, the All-beneficent, the All-merciful, the Forbearing, the All-generous. There is nothing like Him, and He is the Allhearing, the Allknowing, the All-seeing, the All-aware. Allah bears witness that there is no god but He, and (so do) the angels and those possessed of knowledge, maintaining His creation with justice. There is no god but He, the Mighty, the Wise. His noble Messengers have conveyed the mission and I am of those who bear witness to that. O Allah, to You belongs praise, to You belongs glory, to You belongs might, to You belongs pride, to You belongs supreme power, to You belong bounties, to You belongs greatness, to You belongs mercy, to You belongs reverence, to You belongs sovereignty, to You belongs beauty, to You belongs benevolence, to You belongs glorification, to You belongs holiness, to You belongs the confession of Your being the One and Only God, to You belongs the confession of Your being the most Great Lord, to You belongs that which is seen, to You belongs that which is not seen, to You belongs that which is far above the high heavens, to You belongs that which is deep down under the abyss, to You belong the worlds below the heavens, to You belong the end and the beginning, and to You is all thanks, all praise, all gratitude, and all bliss as much as it pleases You. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to (Archangel) Gabriel, the trustee on Your revelations, the firm in conveying Your orders, the obeyed in Your heavens and the places where Your honoring lies, the bearer of Your Words, the supporter of Your Prophets, and the terminator of Your enemies. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to (Archangel) Michael, the angel of Your mercy, the one created for (showing) Your kindness, and the one seeking forgiveness and assisting the people of obedience to You. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Seraph, the bearer of Your Throne, the one in charge of the Trumpet (that declares the Resurrection Day), the one waiting for Your order, and the one apprehensive and fearful of You. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to the pure angels who bear Your Throne, upon the scribes; the noble, the virtuous, and the immaculate, upon Your angels; the virtuous recorders (of the deeds), upon the angels of the gardens of Paradise, upon the keepers of Hellfire, and upon the Angel of Death and his assistants. O Lord of Majesty and Honor! O Allah, (please do) send blessings to our father Adam: the foremost of Your creation whom You honored by making Your angels prostrate themselves before him, and whom You allowed to dwell in Your Paradise. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to our mother Eve: the purified from filth, the cleaned from dirt, the favorite from among the humankind, and the allowed to visit the places of sanctity. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Abel, Shayth, Idris, Noah, Hud, Salih, Abraham, Ishmael, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, the Tribes, Lot, Shu'ayb, Job, Moses, Aaron, Joshua, Micah, al-Khidr, DhuT-Qarnayn (the two-horned), Jonah, Elias, Elisa, DhuT-Kifl, Saul, David, Solomon, Zachariah, Shayah, John, Turakh, Matthias, Jeremiah, Habakkuk, Daniel, Ezra, Jesus, Simon, Georges, the Apostles, the Followers, Khalid, Hanzalah, and Luqman. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, have mercy upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, and send benedictions upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, just as You have sent blessings, had mercy, and sent benedictions upon Abraham and the Household of Abraham. You are verily worthy of all praise, full of all glory. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to the Successors, the happy, the witnesses, and the leaders to the true guidance. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to the Substitutes (whom shall be given the favor of participating in Imam al-Mahdi’s campaigns), the loftiest personalities, those observing fasting with devotion, those who ardently serve You, those whom You have chosen, the ascetic servants, and the people of painstaking and hardworking deeds. (Please do) give Muhammad and his Household exclusively the best of Your blessings and the most abundant of Your favors. (Please do) convey to his soul and body my greetings and compliments and give him more favors, honor, and esteem so that You will make him attain the most elevated ranks of the honored ones from amongst the Prophets, the Messengers, and the virtuous, favorable ones. O Allah, (please) send blessings to those whose names I have mentioned or I have not from amongst Your angels, Prophets, Messengers, and obedient servants. Convey my invocations of blessings to them and to their souls and make them my brethren in You and make them help me pray You. O Allah, I seek Your intercession for me to You, I seek Your honor in the name of Your honor, I seek Your magnanimity in the name of Your magnanimity, and I seek Your mercy in the name of Your mercy and in the name of the people of the obedience to You. I thus beseech You, O Allah, in the name of all the things by whose names those people have besought You, including the honorable requests that are never rejected by You and all the responded and unfailing prayers that they have asked from You. O Allah! O All-beneficent! O All-merciful! O All-forbearing! O All-generous! O Allgreat! O All-majestic! O Bestower! O All-munificent! O Surety! O Dependable! O Rescuer! O Protector! O All-aware ! O All-luminous! O Eradicator (of the wrongdoers)! O Shielding! O Grantor of victory! O Assuring! O All-big! O All-powerful! O All-seer! O most Ready to appreciate (servitude)! O All-benign! O Source of purity! O All-pure! O Omnipotent! O Evident! O Immanent! O Concealer! O All-encompassing! O All-prevailing! O All-guarding! O Invincible! O Nigh! O Loving! O All-praised! O full of all glory! O Originator! O Reproducer! O Witness! O All-liberal! O All-bountiful! O Source of all bounties! O Doer of favors! O Straitening! O Enlarger! O Guide! O Sender! O Director! O Leader (to the truth)! O Giver! O Forbidder! O Repealer! O Raiser! O Eternal! O Guardian! O Creator! O Endower! O Accepter of repentance! O Decider! O Donator! O Source of rest! O He Who has in possessions the clues of all things! O Source of profit! O All-kind! O All-sympathetic! O Securer! O Healer! O Curer! O Awarder! O Faithful! O Dominant! O Almighty! O All-potent! O Superb! O Giver of peace! O Grantor of security! O Only One! O Besought of all! O Light! O Manager (of all affairs)! O Single! O Lone! O Holy! O Giver of victory! O Source of entertainment! O Resurrector! O Inheritor (of all things)! O All-knowing! O Judge! O Originator! O Exalted! O Maker of visions! O Grantor of safety! O Amiable! O Subsistent! O Everlasting! O Knowing! O Wise! O All-magnanimous! O Maker! O Caring! O Source of pleasure! O Fair! O Distinguishes (between the right and the wrong)! O Master! O All-munificent! O Favorer! O All-hearer! O best Maker! O Observer! O Helper! O Extender (of mercy)! O For giver! O Eternal! O Alleviator! O Reliever! O He Who causes to die! O Grantor of life! O Grantor of benefits! O Provider of sustenance! O All-competent! O Creator of causes! O Aide! O Grantor of wealth! O Giver to hold! O Creator! O Onlooker! O One! O Present! O Mender! O Safeguarding! O Firm (in punishment)! O Aid! O Donor! O Straitening! O He Who has mounted to the most elevated point, He thus occupies the most exalted site! O He Who has approached so closely that He has become the nearest of all things and, at the same time, He has been so far that He is in the furthest point, and He has known the secret and even what is more hidden! O He to Whom all management is relegated and to Whom all measures are referred! O He for Whom the most difficult thing is easy and simple! O He Who has power to do whatever He wills! O He Who sends forth the wind! O He Who causes the dawn to break! O He Who revives the spirits! O Lord of magnanimity and lenience! O He Who has the power to restore that which has been missed! O He Who resurrects the dead bodies! O He Who draws together the dispersal! O He Who provides sustenance to whomever He wants without measure! O He Who has power to do whatever He wills however He wills! O Lord of Majesty and Honor! O Ever-living! O Self-subsistent! O He Who existed when there existed nothing else! O Ever-living! O Reviver of the dead! O Ever-living! There is no god save You the excellent Maker of the heavens and the earth. O my God and my Master, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, have mercy upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, and send benedictions upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad just as You have sent blessings and benedictions and had mercy upon Abraham and the household of Abraham. You are verily worthy of all praise and full of all glory. Have mercy upon my humiliation, neediness, poverty, loneliness, aloneness, humbleness before You, reliance upon You, and submission to You. I implore You with the imploring of the humble, the subservient, the fearful, the scared the afraid, the miserable, the modest, the insignificant, the hungry, the poor, the seeker of Your refuge, the seeker of Your protection, the confessing of his sins, the implorer for You to forgive his sin, and the humble to his Lord; I implore You with the imploratioR of one whom has been disappointed by those whom he trusts, rejected by his intimate ones, and whose catastrophe has been enormous. I implore You the imploration of one burning, sad, weak, mortified, depressed, wretched, and resorting to Your shelter. O Allah, I also beseech You in the name of Your being the King, whatever You will shall definitely take place, and You have power over all things. I beseech You in the name of the holiness of this sacred month, the Sacred House, the Sacred Town, the Rukn (i.e. the corner of the Holy Ka'bah), the Maqam (i.e. the standing-place of Prophet Abraham), the great rituals, and in the name of Your Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him and his Household. O He Who gave Shayth to Adam, and gave Ishmael and Isaac to Abraham! O He Who returned Joseph to Jacob! O He Who relieved Job from his harm after long hardships! O He Who returned Moses to his mother! O He Who increased al-Khadir knowledge! O He Who gave Solomon to David, gave Jonah to Zachariah, and gave Jesus to Mary! O He Who safeguarded the daughter of Shu'ayb! O He Who cared for the son of the mother of Moses! I beseech You to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, forgive my all sins, save me from Your chastisement, and confer upon me with Your pleasure and security and with Your favoring, forgiveness, and gardens of Your Paradise. I ask You to redeem me from all circles of misfortune that are drawn around those who intend harm to me and me, unlock for me all doors, make easy for me all hardships, alleviate for me all difficult matters, mute all those who speak ill of me, defend me against all oppressors, suppress all my enemies and envious ones, protect me against all unjust ones, and rescue me from all impediments that lie between my needs and me, try to take me away from acts of obedience to You, and try to frustrate me from serving You. O He Who has bridled all mutinous jinn, overcome all tyrannical devils, mortified the necks of the oppressors, and deterred all the ruling authorities from harming the enfeebled ones! I beseech You in the name of Your power over all things and Your alleviating whatever You will however You will, to grant my requests as You will. \r\n\r\nThen, you may prostrate yourself and try to stick your cheeks to the ground, saying the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I am prostrating myself before You and I have full faith in You; so, (please) have mercy upon my humility, neediness, efforts, meekness, paucity, and my want to You, O my Lord. \r\n\r\nYou should try to shed even a single drop of tear, for this is the signal of admission.\r\n\r\nOn the twenty-fifth of Rajab, AH 183, Imam Musa ibn Ja’far (a.s.) departed life in Baghdad while he was fifty-five years old. On this day, the mourning and sadness of the Holy Prophet’s Household, as well as their adherents, are agitated."
}