{
    "content": "Third: In al-Balad al-Amin, al-Kaf’ami has instructed the following:\r\n\r\nSay the following supplicatory prayer on the Divine Mission Night:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْاَلُكَ بِالتَّجَلِّيْ الْاَعْظَمِ فِي هٰذِهِ اللَّيْلَةِ مِنَ الشَّهْرِ الْمُعَظَّمِ وَ الْمُرْسَلِ الْمُكَرَّمِ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اَنْ تَغْفِرَ لَنَا مَا اَنْتَ بِهِ مِنَّا اَعْلَمُ يَا مَنْ يَعْلَمُ وَ لَا نَعْلَمُ اَللّٰهُمَّ بَارِكْ لَنَا فِي لَيْلَتِنَا هٰذِهِ الَّتِيْ بِشَرَفِ الرِّسَالَةِ فَضَّلْتَهَا وَ بِكَرَامَتِكَ اَجْلَلْتَهَا وَ بِالْمَحَلِّ الشَّرِيْفِ اَحْلَلْتَهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ فَاِنَّا نَسْاَلُكَ بِالْمَبْعَثِ الشَّرِيْفِ وَ السَّيِّدِ اللَّطِيْفِ وَ الْعُنْصُرِ الْعَفِيْفِ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اَنْ تَجْعَلَ اَعْمَالَنَا فِي هٰذِهِ اللَّيْلَةِ وَ فِي سَاۤئِرِ اللَّيَالِيْ مَقْبُوْلَةً وَ ذُنُوْبَنَا مَغْفُوْرَةً وَ حَسَنَاتِنَا مَشْكُوْرَةً وَ سَيِّئَاتِنَا مَسْتُوْرَةً وَ قُلُوْبَنَا بِحُسْنِ الْقَوْلِ مَسْرُوْرَةً وَ اَرْزَاقَنَا مِنْ لَدُنْكَ بِالْيُسْرِ مَدْرُوْرَةً اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّكَ تَرَىٰ وَ لَا تُرَىٰ وَ اَنْتَ بِالْمَنْظَرِ الْاَعْلٰى وَ اِنَّ اِلَيْكَ الرُّجْعَىٰ وَ الْمُنْتَهَىٰ وَ اِنَّ لَكَ الْمَمَاتَ وَ الْمَحْيَا وَ اِنَّ لَكَ الْآخِرَةَ وَ الْأُوْلٰى اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّا نَعُوْذُ بِكَ اَنْ نَذِلَّ وَ نَخْزَىٰ وَ اَنْ نَاْتِيَ مَا عَنْهُ تَنْهَىٰ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّا نَسْاَلُكَ الْجَنَّةَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ وَ نَسْتَعِيْذُ بِكَ مِنَ النَّارِ فَاَعِذْنَا مِنْهَا بِقُدْرَتِكَ وَ نَسْاَلُكَ مِنَ الْحُوْرِ الْعِيْنِ فَارْزُقْنَا بِعِزَّتِكَ وَ اجْعَلْ اَوْسَعَ اَرْزَاقِنَا عِنْدَ كِبَرِ سِنِّنَا وَ اَحْسَنَ اَعْمَالِنَا عِنْدَ اقْتِرَابِ آجَالِنَا وَ اَطِلْ فِي طَاعَتِكَ وَ مَا يُقَرِّبُ اِلَيْكَ وَ يُحْظِيْ عِنْدَكَ وَ يُزْلِفُ لَدَيْكَ اَعْمَارَنَا وَ اَحْسِنْ فِي جَمِيْعِ اَحْوَالِنَا وَ اُمُوْرِنَا مَعْرِفَتَنَا وَ لَا تَكِلْنَا اِلٰى اَحَدٍ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ فَيَمُنَّ عَلَيْنَا وَ تَفَضَّلْ عَلَيْنَا بِجَمِيْعِ حَوَاۤئِجِنَا لِلدُّنْيَا وَ الْآخِرَةِ وَ ابْدَأْ بِآبَاۤئِنَا وَ اَبْنَاۤئِنَا وَ جَمِيْعِ اِخْوَانِنَا الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ فِي جَمِيْعِ مَا سَاَلْنَاكَ لِاَنْفُسِنَا يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّا نَسْاَلُكَ بِاسْمِكَ الْعَظِيْمِ، وَ مُلْكِكَ الْقَدِيْمِ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَغْفِرَ لَنَا الذَّنْبَ الْعَظِيْمَ اِنَّهُ لَا يَغْفِرُ الْعَظِيْمَ اِلَّا الْعَظِيْمُ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ هٰذَا رَجَبٌ الْمُكَرَّمُ الَّذِيْ اَكْرَمْتَنَا بِهِ اَوَّلُ اَشْهُرِ الْحُرُمِ اَكْرَمْتَنَا بِهِ مِنْ بَيْنِ الْأُمَمِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا ذَا الْجُوْدِ وَ الْكَرَمِ فَاَسْاَلُكَ بِهِ وَ بِاسْمِكَ الْاَعْظَمِ الْاَعْظَمِ الْاَعْظَمِ الْاَجَلِّ الْاَكْرَمِ الَّذِيْ خَلَقْتَهُ فَاسْتَقَرَّ فِي ظِلِّكَ فَلَا يَخْرُجُ مِنْكَ اِلٰى غَيْرِكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ اَنْ تَجْعَلَنَا مِنَ الْعَامِلِيْنَ فِيْهِ بِطَاعَتِكَ وَ الْآمِلِيْنَ فِيهِ لِشَفَاعَتِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اهْدِنَا اِلٰى سَوَاءِ السَّبِيْلِ وَ اجْعَلْ مَقِيْلَنَا عِنْدَكَ خَيْرَ مَقِيْلٍ فِي ظِلٍّ ظَلِيْلٍ وَ مُلْكٍ جَزِيْلٍ فَاِنَّكَ حَسْبُنَا وَ نِعْمَ الْوَكِيْلُ اَللّٰهُمَّ اقْلِبْنَا مُفْلِحِيْنَ مُنْجِحِيْنَ غَيْرَ مَغْضُوْبٍ عَلَيْنَا وَ لَا ضَالِّيْنَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي اَسْاَلُكَ بِعَزَاۤئِمِ مَغْفِرَتِكَ وَ بِوَاجِبِ رَحْمَتِكَ السَّلَامَةَ مِنْ كُلِّ اِثْمٍ وَ الْغَنِيْمَةَ مِنْ كُلِّ بِرٍّ وَ الْفَوْزَ بِالْجَنَّةِ وَ النَّجَاةَ مِنَ النَّارِ اَللّٰهُمَّ دَعَاكَ الدَّاعُوْنَ وَ دَعَوْتُكَ وَ سَاَلَكَ السَّاۤئِلُوْنَ وَ سَاَلْتُكَ وَ طَلَبَ اِلَيْكَ الطَّالِبُوْنَ وَ طَلَبْتُ اِلَيْكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ الثِّقَةُ وَ الرَّجَاءُ وَ اِلَيْكَ مُنْتَهَى الرَّغْبَةِ فِي الدُّعَاءِ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اجْعَلِ الْيَقِيْنَ فِي قَلْبِيْ وَ النُّوْرَ فِيْ بَصَرِيْ وَ النَّصِيْحَةَ فِي صَدْرِيْ وَ ذِكْرَكَ بِاللَّيْلِ وَ النَّهَارِ عَلٰى لِسَانِي وَ رِزْقًا وَاسِعًا غَيْرَ مَمْنُوْنٍ وَ لَا مَحْظُوْرٍ فَارْزُقْنِيْ وَ بَارِكْ لِيْ فِيْمَا رَزَقْتَنِيْ وَ اجْعَلْ غِنَايَ فِي نَفْسِيْ وَ رَغْبَتِيْ فِيْمَا عِنْدَكَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may then prostrate yourself and repeat the following litany one hundred times:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ هَدَانَا لِمَعْرِفَتِهِ وَ خَصَّنَا بِوِلَايَتِهِ وَ وَفَّقَنَا لِطَاعَتِهِ شُكْرًا شُكْرًا۔--When you raise your head (i.e. finish the prostration), you may say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي قَصَدْتُكَ بِحَاجَتِيْ وَ اعْتَمَدْتُ عَلَيْكَ بِمَسْاَلَتِيْ وَ تَوَجَّهْتُ اِلَيْكَ بِاَئِمَّتِيْ وَ سَادَتِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ انْفَعْنَا بِحُبِّهِمْ وَ اَوْرِدْنَا مَوْرِدَهُمْ وَ ارْزُقْنَا مُرَافَقَتَهُمْ وَ اَدْخِلْنَا الْجَنَّةَ فِي زُمْرَتِهِمْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--Sayyid Ibn Tawus has mentioned that this supplicatory prayer is said on the Divine Mission Day (i.e. the twenty-seventh of Rajab).", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "In al-Balad al-Amin, al-Kaf’ami has instructed the following:\r\n\r\nSay the following supplicatory prayer on the Divine Mission Night:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I beseech You in the name of the Grandest Manifestation at this night in this glorified month and in the name of the honored Messenger to send blessings to Muhammad and his Household, and forgive us that which You know better than we do. O He Who knows while we do not! O Allah, (please do) bless us at this night, which You have exalted with the honor of the Divine Mission, You have esteemed with Your honoring, and You have raised to the Honorable Place. O Allah, we thus beseech You in the name of the honorable mission, the gentle master, and the chaste line to bless Muhammad and his Household and to decide our deeds at this night as well as all the other nights as acceptable, our sins as forgiven, our good efforts as praiseworthy, our evildoings as concealed, our hearts as pleased with decent wording, and our sustenance that You decide for us as copiously flowing with easiness. O Allah, verily You see [everything] but nothing can see You while You are in the Highest Prospect. And, verily, to You are the final return and goal, to You are causing to death and granting of life, and to You are the Last and the First [of all things]. O Allah, we surely seek Your protection against meeting of disgrace and shame and against committing that which You have ordered us not to do. O Allah, we surely pray You for Paradise, out of Your mercy, and we seek Your protection against Hellfire. So, (please do) save us from it, in the name of Your omnipotence. We also pray You for the Paradisiacal Women; so, please grant us them, in the name of Your might. (Please do) cause the most expansive of our sustenance to be given to us when we become old aged, and the best of our deeds to be at the time close to our death. (Please do) extend [our ages and make us spend them] in acts of obedience to You and in all that which draws us near to You, in all that which allow us to enjoy a good position with You, and in all that which make our lives acceptable by You. (Please do) improve our recognition of You under all circumstance and conditions, do not refer us to any of Your beings lest they shall always remind us of their favors to us, favor us by settling all our needs in this world as well as the Next World, and do the same thing to our forefathers, our descendants, and all our brethren-in-faith with regard to all that which we have besought You for ourselves. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O Allah, we beseech You by Your Grand Name and Your Eternal Kingdom to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and forgive our grave sins, for none can forgive the grave save the Allgreat. O Allah, this is Rajab, the honored month, which You have honored us through it, being the first of the Sacred Months, and You have selected us for this honor from amongst the other nations. So, ail praise be to You, O Lord of Magnanimity and Generosity! I thus beseech You by Your Name, the grandest, the grandest, the grandest, the most majestic, the most honorable, that You have created so that it has settled under Your Shadow and it thus shall never transfer to anyone other than You, I beseech You to send blessings to Muhammad and his Household the immaculate, and include us, during this month, with those who practice acts of obedience to You and those who hope for Your admission. O Allah, (please do) lead us to the Right Path and choose for us the best resting-place with You, under a dense shade and abundant possession. Surely, You are Sufficient for us! Most Excellent are You and in You do we trust! O Allah, (please do) make us return (to You) with success and victory; neither accursed (by You) nor misleading (the Right Path), out of Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! O Allah, I earnestly beseech You, in the name of the matters that bring about Your forgiveness and the matters that incumbently achieve Your mercy, to grant me safety from all sins, gain of all decencies, attainment of Paradise, and redemption against Hellfire. O Allah, just in as the suppliants have besought You, I am beseeching You. Just as the implorers have begged You, I am begging You. Just as the requesters have asked You, I am asking You. O Allah, You are (my) trust and hope and You are the ultimate desire in my supplications. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and his Household and establish conviction in my hear, light in mv sight, well-wishing in my chest, remembering You on my tongue day and night, and expansive sustenance that is neither failing nor banned. So, please provide me sustenance and bless that which You decide for me, make me self-sufficient, make me desire for none save You, out of Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! \r\n\r\nYou may then prostrate yourself and repeat the following litany one hundred times:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah Who has guided us to the recognition of Him, included us exclusively with the protection of Him, and granted us the obedience to Him. Thanks, thanks. \r\n\r\nWhen you raise your head (i.e. finish the prostration), you may say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I am turning my face toward You asking for the settlement of my needs, I depend upon You in submitting my problem, and I submit to You in the name of my Imams and Masters. O Allah, benefit us by our love for them, make us follow their examples, grant us their companionship, and allow us to enter Paradise with their group, by Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy! \r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus has mentioned that this supplicatory prayer is said on the Divine Mission Day (i.e. the twenty-seventh of Rajab)."
}