{
    "content": "The first form of ziyarah is restricted to the first and the fifteenth of Rajab and the fifteenth of Sha’ban.\r\n\r\nImam al-Sadiq (‘a) is reported to have said, “He who visits al-Husayn (‘a) on the first of Rajab will have all his sins forgiven by Almighty Allah.”\r\n\r\nAbu-Nasr is reported to have narrated that he asked Imam al-Rida (‘a) about the best times of visiting Imam al-Husayn (‘a). The Imam (‘a) answered, “The best times are the fifteenth of Rajab and the fifteenth of Sha’ban.”\r\n\r\nAccording to the opinion of Shaykh al-Mufid and Sayyid Ibn Tawus, the following form of ziyarah is dedicated to the first day of Rajab and the fifteenth night of Sha’ban. However, al-Shahid added that it is also dedicated to the first night of Rajab, the fifteenth night of it, the fifteenth day of it, and the fifteenth day of Sha’ban.\r\n\r\nIn conclusion, this form of ziyarah is dedicated to six times.\r\n\r\nThe form of this ziyarah is as follows:\r\n\r\nWhen you intend to visit the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (‘a) at these times, you may bathe yourself, put on the cleanest of your clothes, stop at the gate of the holy shrine directing the face toward the kiblah direction, and invoke Almighty Allah’s greetings upon the Holy Prophet, Imam ‘Ali, Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’, Imam al-Hasan, Imam al-Husayn, and the Holy Imams - peace be upon them all.\r\n\r\nThe form of invocation of greetings and the form of asking permission to enter the holy shrine will be cited in the coming form of ziyarah known as Ziyarah on ‘Arafah (or ‘Arafat) Day.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the shrine, stop at the holy tomb, and repeat the following word one hundred times:\r\n\r\n--اَلله اَكْبَرُ--You may then say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْمُرْسَلِينَ‏ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُسَيْنَ بْنَ عَلِيٍّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ فَاطِمَةَ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ وَلِيِّهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ صَفِيِّهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ حُجَّتِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَبِيْبَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ حَبِيْبِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَفِيْرَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ سَفِيْرِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَازِنَ الْكِتَابِ الْمَسْطُوْرِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ التَّوْرَاةِ وَ الْاِنْجِيْلِ وَ الزَّبُوْرِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَمِيْنَ الرَّحْمٰنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا شَرِيْكَ الْقُرْاٰنِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَمُوْدَ الدِّيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا بَابَ حِكْمَةِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا بَابَ حِطَّةٍ ۟اِلَّذِيْ مَنْ دَخَلَهُ كَانَ مِنَ الْاٰمِنِينَ‏۔ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَيْبَةَ عِلْمِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْضِعَ سِرِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ثَارَ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنَ ثَارِهِ وَ الْوِتْرَ الْمَوْتُوْرَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلَى الْاَرْوَاحِ الَّتِيْ حَلَّتْ بِفِنَاۤئِكَ وَ اَنَاخَتْ بِرَحْلِكَ بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْ وَ نَفْسِيْ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ لَقَدْ عَظُمَتِ الْمُصِيْبَةُ وَ جَلَّتِ الرَّزِيَّةُ بِكَ عَلَيْنَا وَ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ اَهْلِ الْاِسْلَامِ فَلَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً اَسَّسَتْ اَسَاسَ الظُّلْمِ وَ الْجَوْرِ عَلَيْكُمْ اَهْلَ الْبَيْتِ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً دَفَعَتْكُمْ عَنْ مَقَامِكُمْ وَ اَزَالَتْكُمْ عَنْ مَرَاتِبِكُمُ الَّتِيْ رَتَّبَكُمُ اللّٰهُ فِيْهَا، بِاَبِيْ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْ وَ نَفْسِيْ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَشْهَدُ لَقَدِ اقْشَعَرَّتْ لِدِمَاۤئِكُمْ اَظِلَّةُ الْعَرْشِ مَعَ اَظِلَّةِ الْخَلاۤئِقِ وَ بَكَتْكُمُ السَّمَاۤءُ وَ الْاَرْضُ وَ سُكَّانُ الْجِنَانِ وَ الْبَرِّ وَ الْبَحْرِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ عَدَدَ مَا فِيْ عِلْمِ اللّٰهِ لَبَّيْكَ دَاعِيَ اللّٰهِ اِنْ كَانَ لَمْ يُجِبْكَ بَدَنِيْ عِنْدَ اسْتِغَاثَتِكَ وَ لِسَانِيْ عِنْدَ اسْتِنْصَارِكَ فَقَدْ اَجَابَكَ قَلْبِيْ وَ سَمْعِيْ وَ بَصَرِيْ سُبْحَانَ رَبِّنَا اِنْ كَانَ وَعْدُ رَبِّنَا لَمَفْعُوْلًا اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ طُهْرٌ طَاهِرٌ مُطَهَّرٌ مِنْ طُهْرٍ طَاهِرٍ مُطَهَّرٍ طَهُرْتَ وَ طَهُرَتْ بِكَ الْبِلَادُ وَ طَهُرَتْ اَرْضٌ اَنْتَ بِهَا [فِيْهَا] وَ طَهُرَ حَرَمُكَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ اَمَرْتَ بِالْقِسْطِ وَ الْعَدْلِ وَ دَعَوْتَ اِلَيْهِمَا وَ اَنَّكَ صَادِقٌ صِدِّيْقٌ، صَدَقْتَ فِيْمَا دَعَوْتَ اِلَيْهِ وَ اَنَّكَ ثَارُ اللّٰهِ فِي الْاَرْضِ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ بَلَّغْتَ عَنِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَنْ جَدِّكَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَنْ اَبِيْكَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ عَنْ اَخِيْكَ الْحَسَنِ وَ نَصَحْتَ وَ جَاهَدْتَ فِيْ سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ وَ عَبَدْتَهُ مُخْلِصًا حَتّٰىۤ اَتَاكَ الْيَقِيْنُ فَجَزَاكَ اللّٰهُ خَيْرَ جَزَاۤءِ السَّابِقِيْنَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ وَ سَلَّمَ تَسْلِيْمًا اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ صَلِّ عَلَى الْحُسَيْنِ الْمَظْلُوْمِ الشَّهِيْدِ الرَّشِيْدِ قَتِيْلِ الْعَبَرَاتِ وَ اَسِيْرِ الْكُرُبَاتِ صَلَاةً نَامِيَةً زَاكِيَةً مُبَارَكَةً يَصْعَدُ اَوَّلُهَا وَ لَا يَنْفَدُ اٰخِرُهَا اَفْضَلَ مَا صَلَّيْتَ عَلٰىۤ اَحَدٍ مِنْ اَوْلَادِ اَنْبِيَاۤئِكَ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ يَاۤ اِلٰهَ الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔--You may then kiss the holy tomb and put your right and then your left cheeks on it. You may then circumambulate it and kiss it from the four sides.\r\n\r\nShaykh al-Mufid adds: You may then direct towards the tomb of ‘Ali ibn al-Husayn, stop there, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الصِّدِّيْقُ الطَّيِّبُ الزَّكِيُّ الْحَبِيْبُ الْمُقَرَّبُ وَ ابْنَ رَيْحَانَةِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ مِنْ شَهِيْدٍ مُحْتَسِبٍ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ مَا اَكْرَمَ مَقَامَكَ وَ اَشْرَفَ مُنْقَلَبَكَ اَشْهَدُ لَقَدْ شَكَرَ اللّٰهُ سَعْيَكَ وَ اَجْزَلَ ثَوَابَكَ وَ اَلْحَقَكَ بِالذِّرْوَةِ الْعَالِيَةِ حَيْثُ الشَّرَفُ كُلُّ الشَّرَفِ وَ فِي الْغُرَفِ السَّامِيَةِ كَمَا مَنَّ عَلَيْكَ مِنْ قَبْلُ وَ جَعَلَكَ مِنْ اَهْلِ الْبَيْتِ الَّذِيْنَ اَذْهَبَ اللّٰهُ عَنْهُمُ الرِّجْسَ وَ طَهَّرَهُمْ تَطْهِيْرًا صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ وَ رِضْوَانُهُ فَاشْفَعْ اَيُّهَا السَّيِّدُ الطَّاهِرُ اِلٰى رَبِّكَ فِيْ حَطِّ الْاَثْقَالِ عَنْ ظَهْرِيْ وَ تَخْفِيْفِهَا عَنِّيْ وَ ارْحَمْ ذُلِّيْ وَ خُضُوْعِيْ لَكَ وَ لِلسَّيِّدِ اَبِيْكَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكُمَا۔--You may then throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--زَادَ اللّٰهُ فِي شَرَفِكُمْ فِي الْاٰخِرَةِ كَمَا شَرَّفَكُمْ فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ اَسْعَدَكُمْ كَمَاۤ اَسْعَدَ بِكُمْ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمْ اَعْلَامُ الدِّيْنِ وَ نُجُوْمُ الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then direct towards the martyrs and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ يَاۤ اَنْصَارَ اللّٰهِ وَ اَنْصَارَ رَسُوْلِهِ وَ اَنْصَارَ عَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ وَ اَنْصَارَ فَاطِمَةَ وَ اَنْصَارَ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ وَ اَنْصَارَ الْاِسْلَامِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمْ‏ لَقَدْ نَصَحْتُمْ لِلّٰهِ وَ جَاهَدْتُمْ فِيْ سَبِيْلِهِ فَجَزَاكُمُ اللّٰهُ عَنِ [مِنَ‏] الْاِسْلَامِ وَ اَهْلِهِ اَفْضَلَ الْجَزَاۤءِ فُزْتُمْ وَ اللّٰهِ فَوْزًا عَظِيْمًا يَاۤ لَيْتَنِيْ كُنْتُ مَعَكُمْ فَاَفُوْزَ فَوْزًا عَظِيْمًا اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمْ اَحْيَاۤءٌ عِنْدَ رَبِّكُمْ تُرْزَقُوْنَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمُ الشُّهَدَاۤءُ وَ السُّعَدَاۤءُ وَ اَنَّكُمُ الْفَاۤئِزُوْنَ فِيْ دَرَجَاتِ الْعُلٰى وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then return to the side of the Imam’s head to offer the (two-unit) prayer of ziyarah and pray Almighty Allah for yourself, your parents, and your brethren-in-faith.\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that Sayyid Ibn Tawus has mentioned a form of ziyarah of ‘Ali al-Akbar (the elder son of Imam al-Husayn) and the other martyrs mentioning them by names. However, I will not cite this form hereinwith because of its lengthiness.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The first form of ziyarah is restricted to the first and the fifteenth of Rajab and the fifteenth of Sha’ban.\r\n\r\nImam alSadiq (‘a) is reported to have said, “He who visits alHusayn (‘a) on the first of Rajab will have all his sins forgiven by Almighty Allah.”\r\n\r\nAbuNasr is reported to have narrated that he asked Imam alRida (‘a) about the best times of visiting Imam alHusayn (‘a). The Imam (‘a) answered, “The best times are the fifteenth of Rajab and the fifteenth of Sha’ban.”\r\n\r\nAccording to the opinion of Shaykh alMufid and Sayyid Ibn Tawus, the following form of ziyarah is dedicated to the first day of Rajab and the fifteenth night of Sha’ban. However, alShahid added that it is also dedicated to the first night of Rajab, the fifteenth night of it, the fifteenth day of it, and the fifteenth day of Sha’ban.\r\n\r\nIn conclusion, this form of ziyarah is dedicated to six times.\r\n\r\nThe form of this ziyarah is as follows:\r\n\r\nWhen you intend to visit the holy tomb of Imam alHusayn (‘a) at these times, you may bathe yourself, put on the cleanest of your clothes, stop at the gate of the holy shrine directing the face toward the kiblah direction, and invoke Almighty Allah’s greetings upon the Holy Prophet, Imam ‘Ali, Lady Fatimah alZahra’, Imam alHasan, Imam alHusayn, and the Holy Imams  peace be upon them all.\r\n\r\nThe form of invocation of greetings and the form of asking permission to enter the holy shrine will be cited in the coming form of ziyarah known as Ziyarah on ‘Arafah (or ‘Arafat) Day.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the shrine, stop at the holy tomb, and repeat the following word one hundred times:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O son of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O son of the seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O son of the chief of the Messengers. Peace be upon you, O son of the chief of the Prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O Abu-'Abdullah. Peace be upon you, O al-Husayn the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon you, O son of Fatimah the Doyenne of the women of the world. Peace be upon you, O saint of Allah and son of His saint. Peace be upon you, O select of Allah and son of His select. Peace be upon you, O argument of Allah and son of His argument. Peace be upon you, O beloved by Allah and son of the beloved by Him. Peace be upon you, O representative of Allah and son of His representative. Peace be upon you, O keeper of the inscribed Scripture. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of the Torah, the Gospel, and the Psalms. Peace be upon you, O trustee of the All-beneficent God. Peace be upon you, O partner of the Qur'an. Peace be upon you, O support of the religion. Peace be upon you, O door to the wisdom of the Lord of the worlds. Peace be upon you, O door of Forgiveness; he who enters from this door will be of the secured ones. Peace be upon you, O case of Allah’s knowledge. Peace be upon you, O place of Allah’s secret. Peace be upon you, O (the object of) Allah’s vengeance and the violated sanctity. Peace be upon you and upon the souls that resided in your yard and settled down near your caravan. May Allah accept my father, my mother, and myself as ransoms for you, O Abu-'Abdullah. O Abu-'Abdullah, unbearable is the sorrow and never-racking is the agony you put up with, for us and for all (true) Muslims. Curse of Allah be on the people who laid the basis of wronging and injustice against you the Household of the Prophet. Curse of Allah be upon the people who removed you from your position and took you away from your actual ranks that Allah has chosen for you. May Allah accept my father, my mother, and me as ransoms for you, O Abu-'Abdullah. I bear witness that the shades of the Divine Throne shared the shades of the creatures in shuddering for the shedding of your blood. The heavens, the earth, and the inhabitants of the gardens of Paradise, the lands, and the oceans—all those wept for you. May Allah shower upon you blessings as many as the number of what is there in the knowledge of Allah. Here I am at your service, O caller to Allah. If my body could not respond to your call when you called for aid and my tongue could not respond to your call for help, then my heart, my hearing, and my sight have verily responded to you. Glory be to our Lord! Most surely, the promise of our Lord was to be fulfilled. I bear witness that you are pure, immaculate, and purified and you are the offspring of the pure, immaculate, and purified ones. You are indeed pure and you are the reason for the purity of the lands. Pure is the land where you are and pure is your holy shrine. I hear witness that you enjoined justice and fairness and you called to them. And you are verily honest and veracious, and you were truthful in that for which you called. And you are verily (the object of) Allah’s vengeance on the earth. And I bear witness that you did convey on behalf of Allah, on behalf of your grandfather the Messenger of Allah, on behalf of your father the Commander of the Faithful, and on behalf of your brother al-Hasan. And you advised and strove in the way of Allah and you served Him sincerely until death came upon you. So, may Allah award you with the best of the rewarding of the foremost (to deeds of goodness). And may Allah bless and exalt you thoroughly. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, and send blessings upon al-Husayn the wronged, the martyr, the orthodox, the slain one whom is wept heavily, and the object of agonies with such blessings that are increasing, growing, and sacred; the first of which ascends and the last of which is infinite, and with the best blessings that You ever sent on any of Your missioned Prophets’ sons. O God of the worlds!\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the holy tomb and put your right and then your left cheeks on it. You may then circumambulate it and kiss it from the four sides.\r\n\r\nShaykh alMufid adds: You may then direct towards the tomb of ‘Ali ibn alHusayn, stop there, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O veracious, pure, immaculate, dear, favorite, and son of the basil of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you as you are steadfast martyr. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. How noble your position is and how honorable your seat is. I bear witness that Allah thanked you for your efforts, magnified your rewards, and joined you to the exalted summit where there is the entire honor in the elevated chambers. Similarly, He had bestowed upon you and made you one of the members of the Household of the Prophet from whom Allah removed filth and whom He purified with thorough purification. Allah’s blessings, mercy, benedictions, and pleasure be upon you. So, O pure master, (please) intercede for me with your Lord so that He may unburden and relieve me from the loads (of sins) that I carry on my back. And (please) have mercy upon my humbleness and submission to you and to the master, your father. May Allah bless you both.\r\n\r\nYou may then throw yourself on the tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nMay Allah increase your honor in the Hereafter in the same way as He honored you in this world and may He bless you in the same way as He blessed others on account of you. And I bear witness that you are the signposts of the religion and the stars of the worlds. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then direct towards the martyrs and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you all, O supporters of Allah supporters of His Messenger, supporters of 'Ali the son of Abu-Talib supporters of Fatimah, supporters of al-Hasan and al-Husayn, and supporters of Islam. I bear witness that you indeed did sincerely for the sake of Allah and strove sincerely in His way. So, may Allah reward you on behalf of Islam and its people with the best of rewarding. By Allah I swear, you did win a great success. I whish I were with you so that I would win a great success. I bear witness that you are alive with your Lord, receiving sustenance. I bear witness that you are the true martyrs and the true happy ones and you are the winners in the most elevated ranks. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then return to the side of the Imam’s head to offer the (twounit) prayer of ziyarah and pray Almighty Allah for yourself, your parents, and your brethreninfaith.\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that Sayyid Ibn Tawus has mentioned a form of ziyarah of ‘Ali alAkbar (the elder son of Imam alHusayn) and the other martyrs mentioning them by names. However, I will not cite this form hereinwith because of its lengthiness."
}