{
    "content": "Fifth: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer each Thursday in Sha’ban. In each unit, it is recommended to recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Tawheed one hundred times. After accomplishment, one should invoke God’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household one hundred times. This rite achieves the granting of all worldly and religious needs. It is also recommended to observe fasting on Thursdays in Sha’ban. In this respect, a Hadith reads that the skies decorate themselves each Thursday in Sha’ban and the angels pray Almighty Allah, saying, “O our God, (please do) forgive those who observe fasting on this day and respond to their prayers.”\r\n\r\nThe Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) is also reported as saying, “If one observes fasting each Monday and Thursday in Sha’ban, Almighty Allah will grant forty of his needs - twenty appertained to the worldly life and twenty to the Hereafter.”\r\n\r\nSixth: It is recommended to repeat very much the invocation of blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household.\r\n\r\nSeventh: It is recommended to say the following form of invocation of blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household that is reported from Imam Ali ibn al-Husayn al-Sajjad (i.e. Imam Zayn al-’Abidin) each midday (zohr) in Sha’ban and at the fifteenth night of it:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ شَجَرَةِ النُّبُوَّةِ وَ مَوْضِعِ الرِّسَالَةِ وَ مُخْتَلَفِ الْمَلَاۤئِكَةِ وَ مَعْدِنِ الْعِلْمِ وَ اَهْلِ بَيْتِ الْوَحْيِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْفُلْكِ الْجَارِيَةِ فِي اللُّجَجِ الْغَامِرَةِ يَأْمَنُ مَنْ رَكِبَهَا وَ يَغْرَقُ مَنْ تَرَكَهَا اَلْمُتَقَدِّمُ لَهُمْ مَارِقٌ وَ الْمُتَاَخِّرُ عَنْهُمْ زَاهِقٌ وَ اللَّازِمُ لَهُمْ لَاحِقٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلْكَهْفِ الْحَصِيْنِ وَ غِيَاثِ الْمُضْطَرِّ الْمُسْتَكِيْنِ وَ مَلْجَاِ الْهَارِبِيْنَ وَ عِصْمَةِ الْمُعْتَصِمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَاةً كَثِيْرَةً تَكُوْنُ لَهُمْ رِضًى وَ لِحَقِّ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَدَاۤءً وَ قَضَاۤءً بِحَوْلٍ مِنْكَ وَ قُوَّةٍ يَا رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلطَّيِّبِيْنَ الْاَبْرَارِ الْاَخْيَارِ الَّذِيْنَ اَوْجَبْتَ حُقُوْقَهُمْ وَ فَرَضْتَ طَاعَتَهُمْ وَ وِلَايَتَهُمْ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اعْمُرْ قَلْبِيْ بِطَاعَتِكَ وَ لَا تُخْزِنِيْ بِمَعْصِيَتِكَ وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ مُوَاسَاةَ مَنْ قَتَّرْتَ عَلَيْهِ مِنْ رِزْقِكَ، بِمَا وَسَّعْتَ عَلَيَّ مِنْ فَضْلِكَ وَ نَشَرْتَ عَلَيَّ مِنْ عَدْلِكَ وَ اَحْيَيْتَنِيْ تَحْتَ ظِلِّكَ وَ هٰذَا شَهْرُ نَبِيِّكَ سَيِّدِ رُسُلِكَ شَعْبَانُ الَّذِيْ حَفَفْتَهُ مِنْكَ بِالرَّحْمَةِ وَ الرِّضْوَانِ الَّذِيْ كَانَ رَسُوْلُ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ سَلَّمَ‏ يَدْاَبُ فِيْ صِيَامِهِ وَ قِيَامِهِ فِيْ لَيَالِيْهِ وَ اَيَّامِهِ بُخُوْعًا لَكَ فِيْۤ اِكْرَامِهِ وَ اِعْظَامِهِ اِلٰى مَحَلِّ حِمَامِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَاَعِنَّا عَلَى الْاِسْتِنَانِ بِسُنَّتِهِ فِيْهِ وَ نَيْلِ الشَّفَاعَةِ لَدَيْهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اجْعَلْهُ لِيْ شَفِيْعًا مُشَفَّعًا وَ طَرِيْقًا اِلَيْكَ مَهْيَعًا وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ لَهُ مُتَّبِعًا حَتّٰى اَلْقَاكَ يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ عَنِّيْ رَاضِيًا وَ عَنْ ذُنُوْبِيْ غَاضِيًا قَدْ اَوْجَبْتَ لِيْ مِنْكَ الرَّحْمَةَ وَ الرِّضْوَانَ وَ اَنْزَلْتَنِيْ دَارَ الْقَرَارِ وَ مَحَلَّ الْاَخْيَارِ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Fifth: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer each Thursday in Sha’ban. In each unit, it is recommended to recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Tawheed one hundred times. After accomplishment, one should invoke God’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household one hundred times. This rite achieves the granting of all worldly and religious needs. It is also recommended to observe fasting on Thursdays in Sha’ban. In this respect, a Hadith reads that the skies decorate themselves each Thursday in Sha’ban and the angels pray Almighty Allah, saying, “O our God, (please do) forgive those who observe fasting on this day and respond to their prayers.”\r\n\r\nThe Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) is also reported as saying, “If one observes fasting each Monday and Thursday in Sha’ban, Almighty Allah will grant forty of his needs - twenty appertained to the worldly life and twenty to the Hereafter.”\r\n\r\nSixth: It is recommended to repeat very much the invocation of blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household.\r\n\r\nSeventh: It is recommended to say the following form of invocation of blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household that is reported from Imam Ali ibn al-Husayn al-Sajjad (i.e. Imam Zayn al-’Abidin) each midday in Sha’ban and at the fifteenth night of it:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad; the tree of Prophethood, the trustees of the (Divine) Mission, the frequently visited by the angels, the core of knowledge, and the Household of the Divine Revelation. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, the sailing ships through the abysmal waves. He who embarks on will be saved but he who abandons will be drowned. He who precedes them will miss the Right Path and he who misses them will lose, but he who adheres to them will win. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, the impregnable shelter, the succorers of the helpless, distressed ones,' the haven of the fugitives, and the asylum of those who seek refuge. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad so many blessings that please them and settle all (our) duties towards Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, by Your might and power, O Lo'rd of the worlds! O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, the pure, pious, and righteous whose rights have been made incumbent upon us by You and the obedience to whom and whose (divinely ordained) leadership have been (also) deemed obligatory upon us by You. O Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, fill my heart with obedience to You, do not disgrace me due to my acts of disobedience to You, and grant me the feeling of sympathy towards those whom You have decided to straiten their sustenance by means of Your favors that You have decided to make expansive for me and by means of that with which You have covered me out of Your fairness. Make me live under Your shade. This is the month of Your Prophet and the Master of Your Messengers. It is Sha'ban, which You have encompassed with Your mercy and pleasure and on which the Messenger of Allah, peace and blessings be upon him and his Household, used to observe fasting painstakingly and used to spend it with acts of worship on all of its days and nights on account of Your honoring and dignifying this month, up to his death. O Allah, (please do) help us follow the example of him (i.e. the Holy Prophet as regards the honoring of this month) and help us attain his intercession for us. O Allah, (please do) decide him as my interceder (before You) whose intercession for me is acceptable and as my clear path toward You, and make me follow him until I meet You on the Resurrection Day enjoying Your pleasure with me and Your overlooking my sins and thus You will confer upon me with Your mercy and pleasure and allow me to reside in the Eternal Abode and the Place of the Righteous. "
}