{
    "content": "Eighth: It is recommended to say the following confidential prayer (Munajat) that has been narrated by Ibn Khalawayh who commented on it, saying, “This is the confidential prayer of Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen and the Holy Imams (a.s.) who used to say it in the month of Sha’ban.”\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اسْمَعْ دُعَاۤئِيْ اِذَا دَعَوْتُكَ وَ اسْمَعْ نِدَاۤئِيْۤ اِذَا نَادَيْتُكَ وَ اَقْبِلْ عَلَيَّ اِذَا نَاجَيْتُكَ فَقَدْ هَرَبْتُ اِلَيْكَ وَ وَقَفْتُ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ مُسْتَكِيْنًا لَكَ مُتَضَرِّعًا اِلَيْكَ رَاجِيًا لِمَا لَدَيْكَ ثَوَابِيْ وَ تَعْلَمُ مَا فِيْ نَفْسِيْ وَ تَخْبُرُ حَاجَتِيْ وَ تَعْرِفُ ضَمِيْرِيْ وَ لَا يَخْفٰى عَلَيْكَ اَمْرُ مُنْقَلَبِيْ وَ مَثْوَايَ وَ مَاۤ اُرِيْدُ اَنْ اُبْدِئَ بِهِ مِنْ مَنْطِقِيْ وَ اَتَفَوَّهُ بِهِ مِنْ طَلِبَتِيْ وَ اَرْجُوْهُ لِعَاقِبَتِيْ وَ قَدْ جَرَتْ مَقَادِيْرُكَ عَلَيَّ يَا سَيِّدِيْ فِيْمَا يَكُوْنُ مِنِّيْۤ اِلٰۤى اٰخِرِ عُمْرِيْ مِنْ سَرِيْرَتِيْ وَ عَلَانِيَتِيْ وَ بِيَدِكَ لَا بِيَدِ غَيْرِكَ زِيَادَتِيْ وَ نَقْصِيْ وَ نَفْعِيْ وَ ضَرِّيْۤ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ حَرَمْتَنِيْ فَمَنْ ذَا الَّذِيْ يَرْزُقُنِيْ وَ اِنْ خَذَلْتَنِيْ فَمَنْ ذَا الَّذِيْ يَنْصُرُنِيْ۔ اِلٰهِيْۤ اَعُوْذُ بِكَ مِنْ غَضَبِكَ وَ حُلُوْلِ سَخَطِكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ كُنْتُ غَيْرَ مُسْتَأْهِلٍ لِرَحْمَتِكَ فَاَنْتَ اَهْلٌ اَنْ تَجُوْدَ عَلَيَّ بِفَضْلِ سَعَتِكَ اِلٰهِيْ كَاَنِّيْ بِنَفْسِيْ وَاقِفَةٌ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ وَ قَدْ اَظَلَّهَا حُسْنُ تَوَكُّلِيْ عَلَيْكَ فَقُلْتَ [فَفَعَلْتَ‏] مَاۤ اَنْتَ اَهْلُهُ وَ تَغَمَّدْتَنِيْ بِعَفْوِكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ عَفَوْتَ فَمَنْ اَوْلٰى مِنْكَ بِذٰلِكَ وَ اِنْ كَانَ قَدْ دَنَا اَجَلِيْ وَ لَمْ يُدْنِنِيْ مِنْكَ عَمَلِيْ فَقَدْ جَعَلْتُ الْاِقْرَارَ بِالذَّنْبِ اِلَيْكَ وَسِيْلَتِيْۤ اِلٰهِيْ قَدْ جُرْتُ عَلٰى نَفْسِيْ فِيْ النَّظَرِ لَهَا فَلَهَا الْوَيْلُ اِنْ لَمْ تَغْفِرْ لَهَاۤ اِلٰهِيْ لَمْ يَزَلْ بِرُّكَ عَلَيَّ اَيَّامَ حَيَاتِيْ فَلَا تَقْطَعْ بِرَّكَ عَنِّيْ فِيْ مَمَاتِيْۤ اِلٰهِيْ كَيْفَ اٰيَسُ مِنْ حُسْنِ نَظَرِكَ لِيْ بَعْدَ مَمَاتِيْ وَ اَنْتَ لَمْ تُوَلِّنِيْۤ اِلَّا الْجَمِيْلَ فِيْ حَيَاتِيْ۔ اِلٰهِيْ تَوَلَّ مِنْ اَمْرِيْ مَاۤ اَنْتَ اَهْلُهُ وَ عُدْ عَلَيَّ بِفَضْلِكَ عَلٰى مُذْنِبٍ قَدْ غَمَرَهُ جَهْلُهُ اِلٰهِيْ قَدْ سَتَرْتَ عَلَيَّ ذُنُوْبًا فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ اَنَاۤ اَحْوَجُ اِلٰى سَتْرِهَا عَلَيَّ مِنْكَ فِي الْاُخْرٰى اِلٰهِيْ قَدْ اَحْسَنْتَ اِلَيَّ‏ اِذْ لَمْ تُظْهِرْهَا لِاَحَدٍ مِنْ عِبَادِكَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ فَلَا تَفْضَحْنِيْ يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ عَلٰى رُؤُسِ الْاَشْهَادِ اِلٰهِيْ جُوْدُكَ بَسَطَ اَمَلِيْ وَ عَفْوُكَ اَفْضَلُ مِنْ عَمَلِيْ اِلٰهِيْ فَسُرَّنِيْ بِلِقَاۤئِكَ يَوْمَ تَقْضِيْ فِيْهِ بَيْنَ عِبَادِكَ اِلٰهِيْ اِعْتِذَارِيْۤ اِلَيْكَ اعْتِذَارُ مَنْ لَمْ يَسْتَغْنِ عَنْ قَبُوْلِ عُذْرِهِ فَاقْبَلْ عُذْرِيْ يَاۤ اَكْرَمَ مَنِ اعْتَذَرَ اِلَيْهِ الْمُسِيْۤئُوْنَ۔ اِلٰهِيْ لَا تَرُدُّ حَاجَتِيْ وَ لَا تُخَيِّبْ طَمَعِيْ وَ لَا تَقْطَعْ مِنْكَ رَجَاۤئِيْ وَ اَمَلِيْۤ اِلٰهِيْ لَوْ اَرَدْتَ هَوَانِيْ لَمْ تَهْدِنِيْ وَ لَوْ اَرَدْتَ فَضِيْحَتِيْ لَمْ تُعَافِنِيْۤ اِلٰهِيْ مَا اَظُنُّكَ تَرُدُّنِيْ فِيْ حَاجَةٍ قَدْ اَفْنَيْتُ عُمْرِيْ فِيْ طَلَبِهَا مِنْكَ اِلٰهِيْ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ اَبَدًا اَبَدًا دَاۤئِمًا سَرْمَدًا يَزِيْدُ وَ لَا يَبِيْدُ كَمَا تُحِبُّ وَ تَرْضٰىۤ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ اَخَذْتَنِيْ بِجُرْمِيْۤ اَخَذْتُكَ بِعَفْوِكَ وَ اِنْ اَخَذْتَنِيْ بِذُنُوْبِيْۤ اَخَذْتُكَ بِمَغْفِرَتِكَ وَ اِنْ اَدْخَلْتَنِيْ النَّارَ اَعْلَمْتُ اَهْلَهَاۤ اَنِّيْۤ اُحِبُّكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ كَانَ صَغُرَ فِيْ جَنْبِ طَاعَتِكَ عَمَلِيْ فَقَدْ كَبُرَ فِيْ جَنْبِ رَجَاۤئِكَ اَمَلِيْۤ اِلٰهِيْ كَيْفَ اَنْقَلِبُ مِنْ عِنْدِكَ بِالْخَيْبَةِ مَحْرُوْمًا وَ قَدْ كَانَ حُسْنُ ظَنِّيْ بِجُوْدِكَ اَنْ تَقْلِبَنِيْ بِالنَّجَاةِ مَرْحُوْمًا اِلٰهِيْ وَ قَدْ اَفْنَيْتُ عُمُرِيْ فِيْ شِرَّةِ السَّهْوِ عَنْكَ وَ اَبْلَيْتُ شَبَابِيْ فِيْ سَكْرَةِ التَّبَاعُدِ مِنْكَ اِلٰهِيْ فَلَمْ اَسْتَيْقِظْ اَيَّامَ اغْتِرَارِيْ بِكَ وَ رُكُوْنِيْۤ اِلٰى سَبِيْلِ سَخَطِكَ۔ اِلٰهِيْ وَ اَنَا عَبْدُكَ وَ ابْنُ عَبْدِكَ قَاۤئِمٌ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ مُتَوَسِّلٌ بِكَرَمِكَ اِلَيْكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اَنَا عَبْدٌ اَتَنَصَّلُ اِلَيْكَ مِمَّا كُنْتُ اُوَاجِهُكَ بِهِ مِنْ قِلَّةِ اسْتِحْيَاۤئِيْ مِنْ نَظَرِكَ وَ اَطْلُبُ الْعَفْوَ مِنْكَ اِذِ الْعَفْوُ نَعْتٌ لِكَرَمِكَ اِلٰهِيْ لَمْ يَكُنْ لِيْ حَوْلٌ فَاَنْتَقِلَ بِهِ عَنْ مَعْصِيَتِكَ اِلَّا فِيْ وَقْتٍ اَيْقَظْتَنِيْ لِمَحَبَّتِكَ وَ كَمَاۤ اَرَدْتَ اَنْ اَكُوْنَ كُنْتُ فَشَكَرْتُكَ بِاِدْخَالِيْ فِيْ كَرَمِكَ وَ لِتَطْهِيْرِ قَلْبِيْ مِنْ اَوْسَاخِ الْغَفْلَةِ عَنْكَ اِلٰهِيْ انْظُرْ اِلَيَّ نَظَرَ مَنْ نَادَيْتَهُ فَاَجَابَكَ وَ اسْتَعْمَلْتَهُ بِمَعُوْنَتِكَ فَاَطَاعَكَ يَا قَرِيْبًا لَا يَبْعُدُ عَنِ الْمُغْتَرِّ بِهِ وَ يَا جَوَادًا لَا يَبْخَلُ عَمَّنْ رَجَا ثَوَابَهُ اِلٰهِيْ هَبْ لِيْ قَلْبًا يُدْنِيْهِ مِنْكَ شَوْقُهُ وَ لِسَانًا يُرْفَعُ اِلَيْكَ صِدْقُهُ وَ نَظَرًا يُقَرِّبُهُ مِنْكَ حَقُّهُ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنَّ مَنْ تَعَرَّفَ بِكَ غَيْرُ مَجْهُوْلٍ وَ مَنْ لَاذَ بِكَ غَيْرُ مَخْذُوْلٍ وَ مَنْ اَقْبَلْتَ عَلَيْهِ غَيْرُ مَمْلُوْكٍ، اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنَّ مَنِ انْتَهَجَ بِكَ لَمُسْتَنِيْرٌ وَ اِنَّ مَنِ اعْتَصَمَ بِكَ لَمُسْتَجِيْرٌ وَ قَدْ لُذْتُ بِكَ يَاۤ اِلٰهِيْ فَلَا تُخَيِّبْ ظَنِّيْ مِنْ رَحْمَتِكَ وَ لَا تَحْجُبْنِيْ عَنْ رَأْفَتِكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اَقِمْنِيْ فِيْۤ اَهْلِ وِلَايَتِكَ مُقَامَ مَنْ رَجَا الزِّيَادَةَ مِنْ مَحَبَّتِكَ اِلٰهِيْ وَ اَلْهِمْنِيْ وَلَهًا بِذِكْرِكَ اِلٰى ذِكْرِكَ وَ هِمَّتِيْ فِيْ رَوْحِ نَجَاحِ اَسْمَاۤئِكَ وَ مَحَلِّ قُدْسِكَ اِلٰهِيْ بِكَ عَلَيْكَ اِلَّاۤ اَلْحَقْتَنِيْ بِمَحَلِّ اَهْلِ طَاعَتِكَ وَ الْمَثْوَى الصَّالِحِ مِنْ مَرْضَاتِكَ فَاِنِّيْ لَاۤ اَقْدِرُ لِنَفْسِيْ دَفْعًا وَ لَا اَمْلِكُ لَهَا نَفْعًا اِلٰهِيْۤ اَنَا عَبْدُكَ الضَّعِيْفُ الْمُذْنِبُ وَ مَمْلُوْكُكَ الْمُنِيْبُ [الْمَعِيْبُ‏] فَلا تَجْعَلْنِيْ مِمَّنْ صَرَفْتَ عَنْهُ وَجْهَكَ وَ حَجَبَهُ سَهْوُهُ عَنْ عَفْوِكَ اِلٰهِيْ هَبْ لِيْ كَمَالَ الْاِنْقِطَاعِ اِلَيْكَ وَ اَنِرْ اَبْصَارَ قُلُوْبِنَا بِضِيَاۤءِ نَظَرِهَاۤ اِلَيْكَ حَتّٰى تَخْرِقَ اَبْصَارُ الْقُلُوْبِ حُجُبَ النُّوْرِ فَتَصِلَ اِلٰى مَعْدِنِ الْعَظَمَةِ وَ تَصِيْرَ اَرْوَاحُنَا مُعَلَّقَةً بِعِزِّ قُدْسِكَ اِلٰهِيْ وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ مِمَّنْ نَادَيْتَهُ فَاَجَابَكَ وَ لَاحَظْتَهُ فَصَعِقَ لِجَلَالِكَ فَنَاجَيْتَهُ سِرًّا وَ عَمِلَ لَكَ جَهْرًا۔ اِلٰهِيْ لَمْ اُسَلِّطْ عَلٰى حُسْنِ ظَنِّيْ قُنُوْطَ الْاَيَاسِ وَ لَا انْقَطَعَ رَجَاۤئِيْ مِنْ جَمِيْلِ كَرَمِكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ كَانَتِ الْخَطَايَا قَدْ اَسْقَطَتْنِيْ لَدَيْكَ فَاصْفَحْ عَنِّيْ بِحُسْنِ تَوَكُّلِيْ عَلَيْكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ حَطَّتْنِيْ الذُّنُوْبُ مِنْ مَكَارِمِ لُطْفِكَ فَقَدْ نَبَّهَنِيْ الْيَقِيْنُ اِلٰى كَرَمِ عَطْفِكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ اَنَامَتْنِيْ الْغَفْلَةُ عَنِ الْاِسْتِعْدَادِ لِلِقَاۤئِكَ فَقَدْ نَبَّهَتْنِي الْمَعْرِفَةُ بِكَرَمِ اٰلَاۤئِكَ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِنْ دَعَانِيْۤ اِلَى النَّارِ عَظِيْمُ عِقَابِكَ فَقَدْ دَعَانِيْۤ اِلَى الْجَنَّةِ جَزِيْلُ ثَوَابِكَ اِلٰهِيْ فَلَكَ اَسْاَلُ وَ اِلَيْكَ اَبْتَهِلُ وَ اَرْغَبُ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَجْعَلَنِيْ مِمَّنْ يُدِيْمُ ذِكْرَكَ وَ لَا يَنْقُضُ عَهْدَكَ وَ لَا يَغْفُلُ عَنْ شُكْرِكَ وَ لَا يَسْتَخِفُّ بِاَمْرِكَ اِلٰهِيْ وَ اَلْحِقْنِيْ بِنُوْرِ عِزِّكَ الْاَبْهَجِ فَاَكُوْنَ لَكَ عَارِفًا وَ عَنْ سِوَاكَ مُنْحَرِفًا وَ مِنْكَ خَاۤئِفًا مُرَاقِبًا يَا ذَا الْجَلَالِ وَ الْاِكْرَامِ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ رَسُوْلِهِ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ سَلَّمَ تَسْلِيْمًا كَثِيْرًا۔--This confidential prayer (Munajat), ascribed to the Holy Imams (a.s.), is highly significant since it comprises excellent meanings. It is advisable to say it with presence of heart all the time.", 
    "audio": "http://www.ya-mahdi.net/apps_audio/muna_shabaniya.mp3", 
    "transliteration": "my God, he who abides by Your Path shall be enlightened, and he who resorts to You shall be succored. I am thus having recourse to You, O my God! So, (please) do not disappoint me as regards Your having mercy upon me and do not divest me of Your kindness. O my God, grant me, among those who show servitude to You, the position of one who (incessantly) longs for more love for You. O my God, (please) inspire me with passionate love for ceaseless reference to You, and (please) devote all my pursuit to my attaining the delight of the success that is achieved through Your Names and the amount of Your Holiness. O my God, I beseech You in Your name to put me in the position of those who are obedient to You and in an honorable standing of Your pleasure, for I, verily, have no power to rescue or to benefit myself. O my God, I am Your servant—the feeble and sinful and Your slave—the penitent. So, (please) do not include me with those against whom You have turned Your face or those whom are deprived of Your pardon because of their inattentiveness to You. O my God, (please) grant me absolute devotion to You and illuminate the sights of our hearts with the light of observing of You so that the sights of the hearts will penetrate the Screens of Light and arrive at the Core of Magnificence, and that our souls hang to the Majesty of Your Holiness. O my God, (please) make me of those who responded to You when You called at them, those who were shocked for Your Majesty when You observed them and You have thus taken into their confidence and they acted for You openly. O my God, I have shaded neither despair nor gloom over my good idea about You and I have never lost hope in Your excellent magnanimity. O my God, if my sins have overthrown me in Your sight, then please pardon me for my excellent trust in You. O my God, if my wrongdoings have caused me to lose Your honorable kindness, then my belief in You has called my attention to the generosity of Your sympathy. O my God, if my inadvertence has screened me against readying myself for meeting You, then my recognition of the generosity of Your bounties has awakened me. O my God, if Your grave chastisement has drawn me to Hellfire, then Your opulent reward has drawn me to Paradise. O my God, You alone do I pray and You alone do I implore and desire. I beseech You to bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and to include me with those who always mention You, who never breach their covenant to You, who never fail to thank You, and who never belittle Your Affairs. O my God, (please do) take in me with the most brilliant Light of Your Dignity so that I will recognize You and I will leave everybody else, and that I will be fearful of and careful with You. O Lord of Majesty and Honor! May Allah send blessings to Muhammad, His Messenger, and upon his Household the Infallible, and exalt them very much. </b></i></font>", 
    "english": "Eighth: It is recommended to say the following confidential prayer (Munajat) that has been narrated by Ibn Khalawayh who commented on it, saying, “This is the confidential prayer of Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen and the Holy Imams (a.s.) who used to say it in the month of Sha’ban.”\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, listen to my prayer whenever I pray You, listen to my call whenever I call upon you, and accept from me whenever I confidentially whisper to You, for here I am fleeing into You, standing before You, showing submission to You, imploring You, and hoping for the reward that You have. You do know what is in my inner self, recognize my needs, recognize my hidden affairs, and all my moves and stillness are known by You. So are all the utterance which I want to begin with, all the requests that I want to express, and all the expectation that I hope for my future. All that which You, O my Master, have decided for me up to the end of my life, including my secret and open matters, shall be experienced by me. And it is in Your Hand, not anybody else’s, are all increase and decrease, and all my benefits and harms that come upon me. O my God, if You deprive me (of Your sustenance), then who else can ever provide me with sustenance? If You disappoint me, then who else can ever back me? O my God, I do seek Your protection against Your wrath and against the befalling of Your ire upon me. O my God, if I do not deserve Your mercy, You are still expected to confer upon me with Your expansive favor. O my God, I now imagine how I will stand before You, shaded by my good idea about You on account of my trust in You, and You will decide for me that which befit You and You will include me with Your forgiveness. O my God, if you pardon me, then who else is worthier than You are in pardoning. If my time of death is approaching while my deeds are still too short to approach me to You, I am then considering my confession of being guilty to be my means towards You. O my God, I have wronged myself when I allowed myself to behave unrestrainedly; therefore, woe will betide me if You do not forgive. O my God, You have never ceased Your favors from me all over my lifetime; so, (please) do not stop Your favors from covering me after my death. O my God, how can I despair of Your nice custody over me after my death while You have not shown me but the good throughout my lifetime? O my God, (please) manage my affairs in the very way that befits You, and confer upon me-a sinful who is covered by his ignorance—with Your favors. O my God, You have concealed my sins in my worldly life, but I need Your concealment more urgently in the Next Life. You have thus not disclosed my sins before any of Your righteous servants; therefore, (please) do not expose me on the Resurrection Day before all the witnesses. O my God, it is Your magnanimity that expanded my hope, and surely Your pardon is more preferable than my deeds. O my God, so (please) delight me when I meet You on the day when You shall judge between Your servants. O my God, I submit to You the apology of one who cannot dispense with the acceptance of his excuse; so, (please) accept my excuse, O most Magnanimous of all those before whom the guilty make an apology. O my God, (please) do not reject my request, do not fail my big hope for You, and do not disappoint my desire and expectation for You. O my God, had You wanted to humiliate me, You would not have guided me (to You). Had You decided to disclose me, You would not have saved me. O my God, I do not expect You to reject my request that I spent my whole lifetime asking for it from You. O my God, all praise be to You, forever, forever, perpetually, everlastingly, increasingly, and unperishably, as exactly as You like and please. O my God, if You punish me for my offense, I shall demand with Your pardon, if You punish me for my sins, I shall demand with Your forgiveness, and if You decide to send me to Hell, I shall declare to its inhabitants that I love You. O my God, if my deed is too little when compared to the true obedience to You, then my hope for You is too big when compared to my prospect from You. O my God, how can it be that I return from You with disappointment and deprivation while I expect, depending upon Your magnanimity, that You will endow me with safety and mercy? O my God, I have spent my whole lifetime with the vigor of being negligent to You and I have spent my whole youth with the inebriety of being far away from You. O my God, I have not thus woken up to myself during the period when I seductively felt safe from Your punishment and when I was taking the path that ends with Your ire. O my God, nevertheless, I am— Your servant and the son of Your servant-now standing before You and begging You in the name of Your generosity. O my God, I am, being Your servant, disowning all that with which I used to face You; namely, my shameless inconsideration of You, and I am hereby appealing for Your pardon since pardon is one feature of Your generosity. O my God, I had no strength by which I would rid myself of the acts of disobedience to You except after You aroused me to love You. Hence, I have become as exactly as You want me to be. I have thus thanked You, for You have included me with Your generosity and You have purified my heart from the filths of being inattentive to You. O my God, (please) look at me in the same way as You have looked at one whom You called and he has responded to You and whom You have conferred with Your aid and he thus has obeyed You. O He Who is too close to depart from one who is inadvertent to Him! O He Who is too magnanimous to deprive one who hopes for His reward! O my God, (please) grant me a heart whose longing for You will approach it to You, a tongue whose truthfulness is directed to You, and a sight whose righteousness advances towards You. O my God, he who recognizes You shall never be anonymous, he who seeks Your shelter shall never be disappointed, and he whom is attended by You shall never be boring. O\r\n\r\nThis confidential prayer (Munajat), ascribed to the Holy Imams (a.s.), is highly significant since it comprises excellent meanings. It is advisable to say it with presence of heart all the time."
}