{
    "content": "Third: It is recommended, at the sight of the new moon of Ramadan, to say the supplication No. 43 of al-Sahifah al-Kamilah al-Sajjadiyyah. Sayyid Ibn Tawus narrated that Imam Ali ibn al-Husayn Zayn al-’Abidin(a.s.), once, gazed at the new moon of Ramadan while he was walking. He therefore stopped and said the following:\r\n\r\n--اَيُّهَا الْخَلْقُ الْمُطِيْعُ الدَّآئِبُ السَّرِيْعُ، الْمُتَرَدِّدُ فِيْ مَنَازِلِ التَّقْدِيْرِ، الْمُتَصَرِّفُ فِيْ فَلَكِ التَّدْبِيْرِ، اٰمَنْتُ بِمَنْ نَوَّرَ بِكَ الظُّلَمَ، وَاَوْضَحَ بِكَ الْبُهَمَ، وجَعَلَكَ اٰيَةً مِنْ اٰيَاتِ مُلْكِهِ، وَعَلَامَةً مِنْ عَلَامَاتِ سُلْطَانِهِ، فَحَدَّ بِكَ الزَّمَانَ، وَامْتَهَنَكَ بِالْكَمَالِ وَالنُّقْصَانِ، وَالطُّلُوْعِ وَالْاُفُوْلِ، وَالْاِنارَةِ والْكُسُوْفِ، فِيْ كُلِّ ذٰلِكَ اَنْتَ لَهُ مُطِيْعٌ، وَاِلَى اِرَادَتِهِ سَرِيْعٌ، سُبْحَانَهُ مَا اَعْجَبَ مَا دَبَّرَ مِنْ اَمْرِكَ، وَاَلْطَفَ مَا صَنَعَ فِيْ شَانِكَ، جَعَلَكَ مِفْتَاحَ شَهْرٍ حَادِثٍ لِاَمْرٍ حَادِثٍ، فَاَسْاَلُ اللهَ رَبِّي وَرَبَّكَ، وَخَالِقِيْ وَخَالِقَكَ، وَمُقَدِّرِيْ وَمُقَدِّرَكَ، وَمُصَوِّرِيْ وَمُصَوِّرَكَ اَنْ يُصَلِّيَ عَلَى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاَنْ يَجْعَالَكَ هِلَالَ بَرَكَةٍ لَا تَمْحَقُهَا الْاَيَّامُ، وَطَهَارَةٍ لَا تُدَنِّسُهَا الْاٰثَامُ، هِلَالَ اَمْنِ مِنَ الْاٰفَاتِ، وَسَلَامَةٍ مِنَ السَّيِّئَاتِ، هِلَالَ سَعْدٍ لَا نَحْسَ فِيْهِ يُمْنِ لَا نَكَدَ مَعَهُ، وَيُسْرٍ لَا يُمَازِجُهُ عُسْرٌ، وَخَيْرٍ لَا يَشُوْبُهُ شَرٌّ، هِلَالَ اَمْنٍ وَاِيْمَانٍ وَنِعْمَةٍ وَاِحْسَانٍ وَسَلَامَةٍ وَاِسْلَامٍ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَاجْعَلْنَا مِنْ اَرْضٰى مَنْ طَلَعَ عَلَيْهِ، وَاَزْكٰى مَنْ نَظَرَ اِلَيْهِ، وَاَسْعَدَ مَنْ تَعَبَّدَ لَكَ فِيْهِ، وَوَفِّقْنَا اَللّٰهُمَّ فِيْهِ لِلطَّاعَةِ وَالتَّوْبَةِ، وَاعْصِمْنَا فِيْهِ مِنَ الْاٰثَامِ وَالْحَوْبَةِ، وَاَوْزِعْنَا فِيْهِ شُكْرَ النِّعْمَةِ، واَلْبِسْنَا فِيْهِ جُنَنَ الْعَافِيَةِ، وَاَتْمِمْ عَلَيْنَا بِاسْتِكْمَالِ طَاعَتِكَ فِيْهِ الْمِنَّةَ، اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ الْمَنَّانُ الْحَمِيْدُ، وَصَلَّى اللهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِهِ الطَيِّبِيْنَ، وَاجْعَلْ لَنَا فِيْهِ عَوْنًا مِنْكَ عَلٰى مَا نَدَبْتَنَا اِلَيْهِ مِنْ مُفْتَرَضِ طَاعَتِكَ، وَتَقَبَّلْهَا اِنَّكَ الْاََكْرَمُ مِنْ كُلِّ كَرِيْمٍ، وَالْاَرْحَمُ مِنْ كُلِّ رَحِيْمٍ، اٰمِيْنَ اٰمِيْنَ رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Third: It is recommended, at the sight of the new moon of Ramadan, to say the supplication No. 43 of al-Sahifah al-Kamilah al-Sajjadiyyah. Sayyid Ibn Tawus narrated that Imam Ali ibn al-Husayn Zayn al-’Abidin (a.s.), once, gazed at the new moon of Ramadan while he was walking. He therefore stopped and said the following:\r\n\r\nO obedient creature, speedy and untiring, frequenter of the mansions of determination, moving about in the sphere of governance I have faith in Him Who lights up darkness through you, illuminates jet-black shadows by you, appointed you one of the signs of His kingdom and one of the marks of His authority, so, He identified time through You, and humbled you through increase and decrease, and rising and setting, and illumination and eclipse. In all of this you are obedient to Him, and prompt toward His will. Glory be to Him! How wonderful is what He has arranged in Your situation! How subtle what He has made for Your task! He has made You the key to a new month for a new situation. So I ask Allah, my Lord and Your Lord, my Creator and Your Creator, my Determiner and Your Determiner, my Form-giver and Your Form-giver, that He bless Muhammad and his Household and appoint You a crescent of blessings not effaced by days and of purity not defiled by sins; a crescent of security from blights and of safety from evil deeds; a crescent of auspiciousness containing no misfortune, of prosperity accompanied by no adversity, of ease not mixed with difficulty, of good unstained by evil; a crescent of security and faith, favor and good-doing, safety and submission! O Allah, bless Muhammad and his Household, place us among the most satisfied of those over whom the crescent has risen, the purest of those who have looked upon it, the most fortunate of those who have worshiped You under it; give us the success during [the new month] to repent, preserve us within it from misdeeds and exposition to punishment, allot to us within it thanksgiving for Your favor, clothe us during it in the shields of wellbeing, and complete for us Your kindness by perfecting therein obedience to You! Surely You are Allkind, Praiseworthy. And bless Muhammad and his Household, the good, the pure. And grant us aid from You to carry out that which You have ordered us to do in it; Such as the obedience to You which You have made incumbent upon us, and accept them from us, for You are the most Generous of all those who show generosity and the most Merciful of all those who show mercy. Respond! Respond! O Lord of the Worlds."
}