{
    "content": "Fourth: It is recommended for husbands to have sexual intercourse with their wives at this night. In fact, it is discommended to have sexual intercourse with wives at the first night of the Arabic months; rather, this exception is one of the peculiarities of the holy month of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nFifth: It is highly advisable to bathe oneself at this night. A Hadith reads that if one washes himself at the first night of Ramadan, one will be secured against prurigo up to the next Ramadan.\r\n\r\nSixth: It is recommended to bathe oneself in a flowing river and to pour on the head thirty handfuls of water so as to be mentally pure up to the next Ramadan.\r\n\r\nSeventh: It is recommended to visit the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) so that sins will be forgiven and the like of the reward of those who undertake Hajj and ‘Umrah in that year will be gained.\r\n\r\nEighth: It is recommended, at this night, to begin with the one thousand unit prayer that has been previously mentioned at the end of the second part of the rites of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nNinth: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer reciting in each unit Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-An’am (No. 6) and to pray Almighty Allah for security against apprehensions and ailments.\r\n\r\nTenth: It is recommended to say the aforementioned supplicatory prayer that begins with:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّ هٰذَا الشَّهْرَ الْمُبَارَكَ۔۔۔۔--This supplicatory prayer has been mentioned within the rites of the last night of Sha’ban.\r\n\r\nEleventh: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer while raising the hands after the Maghrib Prayer. The supplicatory prayer has been reported in al-Iqbal from Imam Muhammad and Jawad al-Taqi(a.s.):\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ يَا مَنْ يَمْلِكُ التَّدْبِيْرَ وَهُوَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيْرٌ، يَا مَنْ يَعْلَمُ خَآئِنَةَ الْاَعْيُنِ وَمَا تُخْفِيْ الصُّدُوْرِ وَتُجِنُّ الضَّمِيْرُ وَهُوَ اللَّطِيْفُ الْخَبِيْرُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْنَا مِمَّنْ نَوٰى فَعَمِلَ، وَلَا تَجْعَلْنَا مِمَّنْ شَقِيَ فَكَسِلَ، وَلَا مِمَّنْ هُوَ عَلٰى غَيْرِ عَمَلِ يَتَّكِلُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ صَحِّحْ اَبْدَانَنَا مِنَ الْعِلَلِ، وَاَعِنَّا عَلٰى مَا افْتَرَضْتَ عَلَيْنَا مِنَ الْعَمَلِ، حَتّٰى يَنْقَضِيَ عَنَّا شَهْرُكَ هَذَا وَقَدْ اَدَّيْنَا مَفْرُوْضَكَ فِيْهِ عَلَيْنَا، اَللّٰهُمَّ اَعِنَّا عَلٰى صِيَامِهِ، وَوَفِّقْنَا لِقِيَامِهِ، وَنَشِّطْنَا فِيْهِ لِلصَّلَاةِ، وَلَا تَحْجُبْنَا مِنَ الْقِرَاۤءَةِ، وَسَهِّلْ لَنَا فِيْهِ اِيْتَاۤءَ الزَّكَاةِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ لَا تُسَلِّطْ عَلَيْنَا وَصَبًا وَلَا تَعَبًا وَلَا سَقَمًا وَلَا عَطَبًا، اَللّٰهُمَّ ارْزُقْنَا الْاِفْطَارَ مِنْ رِزْقِكَ الْحَلَالِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ سَهِّلْ لَنَا فِيْهِ مَا قَسَمْتَهُ مِنْ رِزْقِكَ، وَيَسِّرْ مَا قَدَّرْتَهُ مِنْ اَمْرِكَ، وَاجْعَلْهُ حَلَالًا طَيِّبًا نَقِيًّا مِنَ الْاٰثَامِ خَالِصًا مِنَ الْاٰصَارِ وَالْاَجْرَامِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ لَا تُطْعِمْنَا اِلَّا طَيِّبًا غَيْرَ خَبِيْثٍ وَلَا حَرَامٍ، وَاجْعَلْ رِزْقَكَ لَنَا حَلَالًا لَا يَشُوْبُهُ دَنَسٌ وَلَا اَسْقَامٌ يَا مَنْ عِلْمُهُ بِالسِّرِّ كَعِلْمِهِ بِالْاِعْلَانِ، يَا مُتَفَضِّلًا عَلٰى عِبادِهِ بِالْاِحْسَانِ، يَا مَنْ هُوَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيْرٌ وَبِكُلِّ شَيْءٍ عَلِيْمٌ خَبِيْرٌ اَلْهِمْنَا ذِكْرَكَ وَجَنِّبْنَا عُسْرَكَ، وَاَنِلْنَا يُسْرَكَ، وَاَهْدِنَا لِلرَّشَادِ، وَوَفِّقْنَا لِلسَّدَادِ، وَاعْصِمْنَا مِنَ الْبَلَايَا، وَصُنَّا مِنَ الْاَوْزَارِ وَالْخَطَايَا، يَا مَنْ لَا يَغْفِرُ عَظِيْمَ الذُّنُوْبِ غَيْرُهُ، وَلَا يَكْشِفُ السُّوٓءَ اِلَّا هُوَ، يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ، وَاَكْرَمَ الْاََكْرَمِيْنَ، صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ، وَاجْعَلْ صِيَامَنَا مَقْبُوْلًا، وَبِالْبِرِّ وَالتَّقْوٰى مَوْصُوْلًا، وَكَذٰلِكَ فَاجْعَلْ سَعْيَنَا مَشْكُوْرًا وَقِيَامَنَا مَبْرُوْرًا، وَقُرْاٰنَنَا مَرْفُوْعًا، وَدُعَاۤءَنَا مَسْمُوْعًا، وَاهْدِنَا لِلْحُسْنٰى، وَجَنِّبْنَا الْعُسْرٰى، وَيَسِّرْنَا لِلْيُسْرٰى، وَاَعِلْ لَنَا الدَّرَجَاتِ، وَضَاعِفْ لَنَا الْحَسَنَاتِ، وَاقْبَلْ مِنَّا الصَّوْمَ وَالصَّلَاةَ، واسْمَعْ مِنَّا الدَّعَوَاتِ، وَاغْفِرْ لَنَا الْخَطِيْئَاتِ، وَتَجَاوَزْ عَنَّا السَّيِّئَاتِ، وَاجْعَلْنَا مِنَ الْعَامِلِيْنَ الْفَاۤئِزِيْنَ، وَلَا تَجْعَلْنَا مِنَ الْمَغْضُوْبِ عَلَيْهِمْ وَلَا الضَّآلِّيْنَ، حَتّٰى يَنْقَضِيَ شَهْرُ رَمَضَانَ عَنَّا وَقَدْ قَبِلْتَ فِيْهِ صِيَامَنَا وَقِيَامَنَا، وَزَكَّيْتَ فِيْهِ اَعْمَالَنَا، وَغَفَرْتَ فِيْهِ ذُنُوْبَنَا، وَاَجْزَلْتَ فِيْهِ مِنْ كُلِّ خَيْرٍ نَصِيْبَنَا، فَاِنَّكَ الْاِلـٰهُ الْمُجِيْبُ، وَالرَّبُّ الْقَرِيْبُ، وَاَنْتَ بِكُلِّ شَيْءٍ مُحِيْطٌ۔--Twelfth: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer that is reported from Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq(a.s.) as is mentioned in the book of al-Iqbal:\r\n\r\n--شَهْرِ رَمَضَانَ، مُنَزِّلَ الْقُرْاٰنِ، هٰذَا شَهْرُ رَمَضَانَ الَّذِيْ اَنْزَلْتَ فِيْهِ الْقُرْاٰنَ، وَاَنْزَلْتَ فِيْهِ اٰيَاتٍ بَيِّنَاتٍ مِنَ الْهُدٰى وَالْفُرْقَانِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ ارْزُقْنَا صِيَامَهُ، وَاَعِنَّا عَلٰى قِيَامِهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ سَلِّمْهُ لَنَا وَسَلِّمْنَا فِيْهِ وَتَسَلَّمْهُ مِنَّا فِيْ يُسْرٍ مِنْكَ وَمُعَافَاةٍ، وَاجْعَلْ فِيْـمَا تَقْضِيْ وَتُقَدِّرُ مِنَ الْاَمْرِ الْمَحْتُوْمِ وَفِيْـمَا تَفْرُقُ مِنَ الْاَمْرِ الْحَكِيْمِ فِيْ لَيْلَةِ الْقَدْرِ مِنَ الْقَضَاۤءِ الَّذِيْ لَا يُرَدُّ وَلَا يُبَدَّلُ، اَنْ تَكْتُبَنِيْ مِنْ حُجَّاجِ بَيْتِكَ الْحَرَامِ الْمَبْرُوْرِ حَجُّهُمُ، الْمَشْكُوْرِ سَعْيُهُمُ، الْمَغْفُوْرِ ذُنُوْبُهُمُ، الْمُكَفَّرِ عَنْهُمْ سَيِّئَاتُهُمْ، وَاجْعَلْ فِيْـمَا تَقْضِيْ وَتُقَدِّرُ اَنْ تُطِيْلَ عُمْرِيْ وَتُوَسِّعَ عَليَّ مِنَ الرِّزْقِ الْحَلَالِ۔--Thirteenth: It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer No. 44 of al-Sahifah al-Kamilah al-Sajjadiyyah, which begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ هَدَانَا لِحَمْدِهِ۔۔۔--Fourteenth: It is recommended to say the lengthy supplicatory prayer that is mentioned by Sayyid Ibn Tawus in Iqbal al-A’mal and beings with the following statement:\r\n\r\n--اللهمّ انّ هذا شهر رمضان۔۔۔--Fifteenth: It is recommended to say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنَّهُ قَدْ دَخَلَ شَهْرُ رَمَضَانَ اَللّٰهُمَّ رَبَّ شَهْرِ رَمَضَانَ، الَّذِيْ اَنْزَلْتَ فِيْهِ الْقُرْاٰنَ، وَجَعَلْتَهُ بَيِّنَاتٍ مِنَ الْهُدٰى وَالْفُرْقَانِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ فَبَارِكْ لَنَا فِيْ شَهْرِ رَمَضَانَ، وَاَعِنَّا عَلٰى صِيَامِهِ وَصَلَوَاتِهِ وَتَقَبَّلْهُ مِنَّا۔--According to a Hadith, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) used to say this supplicatory prayerat the beginning of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nSixteenth: The Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) is also reported to have said the following supplicatory prayer at the first night of Ramadan:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ اَكْرَمَنَا بِكَ اَيُّهَا الشَّهْرُ الْمُبَارَكُ، اَللّٰهُمَّ فَقَوِّنَا عَلٰى صِيَامِنَا وَقِيَامِنَا، وَثَبِّتْ اَقْدَامَنَا وَانْصُرْنَا عَلَى الْقَوْمِ الْكَافِرِيْنَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اَنْتَ الْوَاحِدُ فَلَا وَلَدَ لَكَ، وَاَنْتَ الصَّمَدُ فَلَا شِبْهَ لَكَ، وَاَنْتَ الْعَزِيْزُ فَلَا يُعِزُّكَ شَيْءٌ، وَاَنْتَ الْغَنِيُّ وَاَنَا الْفَقِيْرُ، وَاَنْتَ الْمَوْلٰى وَاَنَا الْعَبْدُ، وَاَنْتَ الْغُفُوْرُ وَاَنَا الْمُذْنِبُ، وَاَنْتَ الرَّحِيْمُ وَاَنَا الْمُخْطِئُ، وَاَنْتَ الْخَالِقُ وَاَنَا الْمَخْلُوْقُ، وَاَنْتَ الْحَيُّ وَاَنَا الْمَيِّتُ، اَسْاَلُكَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ اَنْ تَغْفِرَ لِيْ وَتَرْحَمَنِيْ، وَتَجَاوَزَ عَنِّي اِنَّكَ عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْءٍ قَدِيْرٌ۔--Seventeenth: As has been previously mentioned in the book, it is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer known as Dua al-Jawshan al-Kabir at the first night of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nEighteenth: It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer known as Dua al-Hajj, which has been previously mentioned in this book.\r\n\r\nNineteenth: It is highly advisable to recite the Holy Qur’an very frequently at the first hours of Ramadan. In this respect, it has been narrated that Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq(a.s.) used to say the following supplicatory prayer before he would start reciting the Holy Qur’an:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ هٰذَا كِتَابُكَ الْمُنْزَلُ مِنْ عِنْدِكَ عَلٰى رَسُوْلِكَ مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَبْدِاللهِ صَلَّى اللهُ عَلَيْهِ واٰلِهِ، وَكَلَامُكَ النَّاطِقُ عَلٰى لِسَانِ نَبِيِّكَ، جَعَلْتَهُ هَادِيًا مِنْكَ اِلٰى خَلْقِكَ، وَحَبْلًا مُتَّصِلًا فِيْـمَا بَيْنَكَ وَبَيْنَ عِبَادِكَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي نَشَرْتُ عَهْدَكَ وَكِتابَكَ، اَللّٰهُمَّ فَاجْعَلْ نَظَرِيْ فِيْهِ عِبَادَةً، وَقِرَاۤءَتِي فِيْهِ فِكْرًا، وَفِكْرِيْ فِيْهِ اعْتِبَارًا، وَاجْعَلْنِيْ مِمَّنْ اِتَّعَظَ بِبَيَانِ مَوَاعِظِكَ فِيْهِ، وَاجْتَنَبَ مَعَاصِيْكَ، وَلَا تَطْبَعْ عِنْدَ قِرَاۤءَتِيْ عَلٰى سَمْعِيْ، وَلَا تَجْعَلْ عَلٰى بَصَرِيْ غِشَاوَةً، وَلَا تَجْعَلْ قِرَاۤءَتِي قِرَاۤءَةً لَا تَدَبُّرَ فِيْهَا، بَلِ اجْعَلْنِيْ اَتَدَبَّرُ اٰيَاتِهِ وَاَحْكَامَهُ، اٰخِذًا بِشَرَايِعِ دِيْنِكَ، وَلَا تَجْعَلْ نَظَرِيْ فِيْهِ غَفْلَةً، وَلَا قِرَاۤءَتِيْ هَذَرًا، اِنَّكَ اَنْتَ الرَّؤُوْفُ الرَّحِيْمُ۔--When he finished reciting the Holy Qur’an, Imam al-Sadiq(a.s.) used to say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي قَدْ قَرَأْتُ مَا قَضَيْتَ مِنْ كِتَابِكَ الَّذِيْ اَنْزَلْتَهُ عَلٰى نَبِيِّكَ الصَّادِقِ صَلَّى اللهُ عَلَيْهِ وَاٰلِهِ، فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ رَبَّنَا، اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْنِيْ مِمَّنْ يُحِلُّ حَلَالَهُ، وَيُحَرِّمُ حَرَامَهُ، وَيُؤْمِنُ بِمُحْكَمِهِ وَمُتَشَابِهِهِ، وَاجْعَلْهُ لِيْ اُنْسًا فِيْ قَبْرِيْ، وَاُنْسًا فِيْ حَشْرِيْ، وَاجْعَلْنِيْ مِمَّنْ تُرْقِيْهِ بِكُلِّ اٰيَةٍ قَرَاهَا دَرَجَةً فِيْ اَعْلَا عِلِّيِّيْنَ، اٰمِيْنَ رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Fourth: It is recommended for husbands to have sexual intercourse with their wives at this night. In fact, it is discommended to have sexual intercourse with wives at the first night of the Arabic months; rather, this exception is one of the peculiarities of the holy month of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nFifth: It is highly advisable to bathe oneself at this night. A Hadith reads that if one washes himself at the first night of Ramadan, one will be secured against prurigo up to the next Ramadan.\r\n\r\nSixth: It is recommended to bathe oneself in a flowing river and to pour on the head thirty handfuls of water so as to be mentally pure up to the next Ramadan.\r\n\r\nSeventh: It is recommended to visit the holy tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.) so that sins will be forgiven and the like of the reward of those who undertake Hajj and ‘Umrah in that year will be gained.\r\n\r\nEighth: It is recommended, at this night, to begin with the one thousand unit prayer that has been previously mentioned at the end of the second part of the rites of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nNinth: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer reciting in each unit Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-An’am (No. 6) and to pray Almighty Allah for security against apprehensions and ailments.\r\n\r\nTenth: It is recommended to say the aforementioned supplicatory prayer that begins with:\r\n\r\nO Allah, this is the blessed month wherein the Holy Qur'an was revealed...\r\n\r\nThis supplicatory prayer has been mentioned within the rites of the last night of Sha’ban.\r\n\r\nEleventh: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer while raising the hands after the Maghrib Prayer. The supplicatory prayer has been reported in al-Iqbal from Imam Muhammad and Jawad al-Taqi (a.s.):\r\n\r\nO Allah Who controls the management of all affairs and He has power over all things! O He Who knows the stealth of looks, that which breasts conceal, and that which selves hide and He is the Knower of subtle, the Aware! O Allah, (please do) include us with those who intend and carried out their intentions, and do not include us with those who are unhappy due to their laziness or with those who depend upon unreal hopes. O Allah, (please do) cure our bodies from ailments and help us carry out the deeds You have made incumbent upon us to do so that when this month, which is Your month, elapses, we shall have carried out all the duties that You have made obligatory upon us to do. O Allah, (please do) help us observe fasting in this month, guide us to practice the acts of worship (perfectly), grant us vigor to offer prayers, do not preclude us from reciting (the Holy Qur'an), and make easy for us to give alms. O Allah, (please) do not inflict us with fatigue, tiredness, ailment, or injury. O Allah, (please do) grant us the food with which we break our fasting from Your sustenance that is legally gotten. O Allah, (please do) make easy for us the gaining of Your sustenance that You decide for us, facilitate for us gaining that which You decide for us, and make it pure, empty of sins, and free from offenses and flaws.\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please) do not feed us except the good that is neither bad nor forbidden. (Please do) let the sustenance that You decide for us be legal, carrying neither filth nor diseases. O He Who knows the secret in the same was as He knows the public! O He Who confers upon His servants with benevolence! O He Who has power over all things and has acquaintance with all things! (Please do) bestow upon us with (ceaseless) reference to You, keep us away Your difficulty, make us obtain Your ease, guide us to the right path, lead us to righteousness, protect us against misfortunes, and safeguard us against sins and faults. O He save Whom none forgives the grave sins and none can relieve from hardships! O most Merciful of all those who show mercy and most Generous of all those who show generosity! (Please do) send blessings to Muhammad and his Household the pure and decide our fasting to be acceptable and connected to piety and godliness. Similarly, (please do) decide our efforts to be praiseworthy, our acts of worship admissible, our reciting of the Qur'an raised (to the heavens), and our supplications responded. (Please do) guide us to the most excellent way, save us from difficulties, facilitate for us the easy end, elevate our ranks, double the rewards for our good deeds, accept our fasting and prayers, react to our supplications, forgive our sins, overlook our wrongdoings, make us of the successful worshippers, and do not include us with those who earn Your anger nor of those who go astray so that when the month of Ramadan elapses, You shall have accepted our fasting and acts of worship, blessed our deeds, forgiven our sins, and doubled our shares from all good things. Verily, You are the God Who responds, the Lord Who is Nigh, and You encompass all things.\r\n\r\nTwelfth: It is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer that is reported from Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq (a.s.) as is mentioned in the book of al-Iqbal:\r\n\r\nO Allah, the Lord of the month of Ramadan and the Revealer of the Qur'an. This is the month of Ramadan in which You revealed the Qur'an and revealed therein chapters of true guidance and distinction (between the right and the wrong). O Allah, make us observe fast in its days and remain awake in its nights to pray. O Allah, let it be peaceful for us, keep us in sound condition for it, and receive it from us with easiness and wellbeing. While taking decisions from among Your inevitable decisions and from among that which You decide from the wise affairs at the Destiny Night from the act that is neither rejected nor altered, (please) write my name in the list of those pilgrims to Your Sacred House whose pilgrimage receives Your approval, whose efforts are appreciated, whose sins are forgiven, and whose wrongdoings are overlooked. While making decisions and rendering possible things and events, (please) grant me long lifetime and expand my sustenance, making it from legal sources only.\r\n\r\nThirteenth: It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer No. 44 of al-Sahifah al-Kamilah al-Sajjadiyyah, which begins with the following statement:\r\n\r\nPraise belongs to Allah who guided us to His praise...\r\n\r\nFourteenth: It is recommended to say the lengthy supplicatory prayer that is mentioned by Sayyid Ibn Tawus in Iqbal al-A’mal and beings with the following statement:\r\n\r\nO Allah, this month of Ramadan...\r\n\r\nFifteenth: It is recommended to say the following:\r\n\r\nO Allah, the month of Ramadan has begun. O Allah, the Lord of the month of Ramadan in which You have revealed the Qur'an making it guidance to people and clear proofs of the guidance and the distinction. So, O Allah, please bless us in the month of Ramadan, help us observe fasting and offer prayers in it, and accept from us.\r\n\r\nAccording to a Hadith, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) used to say this supplicatory prayer at the beginning of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nSixteenth: The Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) is also reported to have said the following supplicatory prayer at the first night of Ramadan:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah Who has honored us with you, O blessed month. O Allah, (please do) grant us strength to observe fasting and practice acts of worship in this month, make our steps firm, and assist us against the unbelieving people. O Allah, You are surely the One; therefore, You have not son. You are the eternally Besought of all; therefore, nothing is like You. You are the Almighty; therefore, nothing can overcome You. You are the Self-sufficient while I am poor. You are the Master while I am (Your) slave. You are the All-forgiving while I am sinful. You are the All-merciful while I am mistaken. You are the Creator while I am (Your) creature. You are the Ever-living while I am mortal. I thus beseech You in the name of Your mercy to forgive me, have mercy upon me, and excuse my offenses. You have power over all things.\r\n\r\nSeventeenth: As has been previously mentioned in the book, it is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer known as Dua al-Jawshan al-Kabir at the first night of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nEighteenth: It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer known as Dua al-Hajj, which has been previously mentioned in this book.\r\n\r\nNineteenth: It is highly advisable to recite the Holy Qur’an very frequently at the first hours of Ramadan. In this respect, it has been narrated that Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq (a.s.) used to say the following supplicatory prayer before he would start reciting the Holy Qur’an:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I testify that this is the Book revealed by You on Your Messenger Muhammad ibn 'Abdullah, blessings of Allah be on him and on his Household, (these are) Your Words, Your Prophet gave tongue to, (whom) You appointed as guide for the people, and a connected link between You and Your servants. O Allah, I am opening Your testament and Your Book. O Allah, decide my looking in it to be a kind of worship, my reciting in it to be ponderation, and my ponderation over it to be learning lessons from it. Include me with those who take lessons from the elucidation of Your preaches therein and those who accordingly avoid doing acts of disobedience to You. Do not seal on my hearing while I am reciting it, do not place covering on my sight, and do not decide my reciting to be thoughtless; rather, (please) make me ponder over its verses and laws, learning the laws of my religion. Do not decide my looking in it to be inadvertence, and do not allow my reciting to be worthless. You are verily the Allkind, the All-merciful.\r\n\r\nWhen he finished reciting the Holy Qur’an, Imam al-Sadiq (a.s.) used to say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I have recited that which You command in Your Book that You revealed to Your truthful Prophet, Peace of Allah be upon him and his Household. So, all praise be to You, our Lord. 0 Allah, (please do) make me of those who do only what is deemed legal therein, avoid that which is deemed unlawful therein, and believe in its decisive and allegorical verses. (Please) decide it to be entertainment for me in my grave and entertainment when I will be resurrected. (Please) include me with those whom You raise a rank to the most elevated position with each verse that they recite. Respond to me, O Lord of the worlds!"
}