{
    "content": "At this blessed night, the two armies of the Muslims, under the leadership of the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), and the polytheists of Quraysh faced each other at Badr Spring. On the seventeenth of Ramadan, the Battle of Badr took place when Almighty Allah gave victory to the Holy Prophet’s army over the polytheists’. That was the Greatest conquest of Islam. In view of that, our master scholars have declared that it is highly recommended to give alms and thank Almighty Allah on this day. Besides, to bathe oneself and to practice acts of worship at this night achieve a great reward.\r\n\r\nAccording to numerous narrations, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) asked his companions, at the night before the Battle of Badr, to go to Badr Spring and bring some water. All the companions kept silent and none of them had the courage to undertake this mission. Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen(a.s.), therefore, took a skin of water and went towards that spring for getting some water. It was so murky, bitterly cold, and windy night. When Imam Ali(a.s.) reached that dark, deep spring, he could not find a bucket to use for taking water. He therefore had to step down that spring and fill in the skin with water. On his way back to the Holy Prophet’s camp, he faced such a strong storm that made him sit on the ground. When it calmed down, he continued marching. Then, another storm that was as intense as the first blew so heavily that he had to sit on the ground. When it calmed down, Imam Ali continued marching. Again, a third storm that was as intense as the previous ones blew so heavily that he had to sit on the ground. When it calmed down, he continued marching until he reached the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) who, then, asked why he had been late. “I faced three heavy storms that made me sit to the ground three times. I therefore had to wait until they would calm down,” explained Imam Ali(a.s.). “Did you know what these three storms were, Ali?” asked the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.). As Imam Ali(a.s.) answered in the negative, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) explained, “The first storm was Archangel Gabriel with one thousand angels who, altogether, came to greet you. The second storm was Archangel Michael with one thousand angels who, altogether, came to greet you. The third storm was Archangel Seraph with one thousand angels who, altogether, came to greet you. All these angels descended to the earth to back us.”\r\n\r\nTo this event has a scholar referred, saying, “Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen (a.s.) had three thousand merits at one night only. Similarly, al-Sayyid al-Himyari, the famous poet, composed a few laudatory poetic verses immortalizing this event:\r\n\r\n--اُقْسِمُ بِاللّٰهِ وَ اٰلاۤئِهِ وَ الْمَرْءُ عَمَّا قَالَ مَسْئُولٌ اِنَّ عَلِيِّ بْنَ اَبِي طَالِبٍ عَلَى الْتُّقَى وَ الْبِرِّ مَجْبُولٌ كَانَ اِذَا الْحَرْبُ مَرَتْهَا الْقَنَا وَ اَحْجَمَتْ عَنْهَا الْبَهَالِيلُ يَمْشِي اِلَى الْقِرْنِ وَ فِي كَفِّهِ اَبْيَضُ مَاضِي الْحَدِّ مَصْقُولٌ مَشْيَ الْعَفَرْنَا بَيْنَ اَشْبَالِهِ اَبْرَزَهُ لِلْقَنَصِ الْغِيلُ ذَاكَ الَّذِي سَلَّمَ فِي لَيْلَةٍ عَلَيْهِ مِيكَالٌ وَ جِبْرِيلٌ مِيكَالُ فِي اَلْفٍ وَ جِبْرِيلُ فِي اَلْفٍ وَ يَتْلُوهُمْ سَرَافِيلُ لَيْلَةَ بَدْرٍ مَدَدا اُنْزِلُوا كَاَنَّهُمْ طَيْرٌ اَبَابِيلُ", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": ""
}