{
    "content": "The twenty-first night of Ramadan is more meritorious that the nineteenth. It is worthwhile to practice the previously mentioned general rites of the Qadr Nights, such as bathing, spending the whole nights with acts of worship, visiting the tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.), offering the two unit prayer at which Surah al-Faatehah is recited once and Surah al-Tawheed repeated seven times, putting a copy of the Holy Qur’an on the head and saying the supplication dedicated to this practice, saying the Dua al-Jawshan al-Kabir supplicatory prayer, and so on. According to narrations, it is strongly advisable to do the bathing and to spend the whole night with painstaking acts of worship at this night as well as the twenty-third, since the real Qadr Night is one of these two nights.\r\n\r\nWhen the Holy Infallibles (a.s.) were asked to specify the Qadr Night, they did not specify; rather they used to say, “It is too easy to act at two nights in order to win one’s desire.” They also used to say, “What will harm you if you do righteously at two nights?”\r\n\r\nDictating to his students, Shaykh al-Saduq said in one of his sessions, “It is preferable to spend these two nights with studying the religious knowledge.”\r\n\r\nStarting with this night, it is recommended to say the supplicatory prayers that are dedicated to the last ten nights of Ramadan.\r\n\r\n(6) Al-Kaf’ami has quoted Sayyid Ibn Baqi as saying that it is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer at the twenty-first night of Ramadan:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَاٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَاقْسِمْ لِي حِلْمًا يَسُدُّ عَنِّيْ بَابَ الْجَهْلِ، وَهُدًى تَمُنُّ بِهِ عَلَيَّ مِنْ كُلِّ ضَلَالَةٍ، وَغِنًى تَسُدُّ بِهِ عَنِّيْ بَابَ كُلِّ فَقْرٍ وَقُوَّةً تَرُدُّ بِهَا عَنِّي كُلَّ ضَعْفٍ، وَعِزًا تُكْرِمُنِيْ بِهِ عَنْ كُلِّ ذُلٍّ، وَرِفْعَةً تَرْفَعُنِيْ بِهَا عَنْ كُلِّ ضَعَةٍ، وَاَمْنًا تَرُدُّ بِهِ عَنِّيْ كُلِّ خَوْفٍ، وَعَافِيَةً تَسْتُرُنِي بِهَا عَنْ كُلِّ بَلَاۤءٍ، وَعِلْمًا تَفْتَحُ لِيْ بِهِ كُلَّ يَقِيْنٍ، وَيَقِيْنًا تُذْهِبُ بِهِ عَنِّيْ كُلَّ شَكٍّ، وَدُعَاۤءً تَبْسُطُ لِيْ بِهِ الَاِجَابَةَ فِيْ هٰذِهِ اللَّيْلَةِ وَفِي هٰذِهِ السَّاعَةِ، السَّاعَةِ السَّاعَةِ السَّاعَةِ يَا كَرِيْمُ، وَخَوْفًا تَنْشُرُ لِيْ بِهِ كُلَّ رَحْمَةٍ، وَعِصْمَةً تَحُوْلُ بِهَا بَيْنِيْ وَبَيْنَ الذُّنُوْبِ حَتَّى اُفْلِحَ بِہَا عِنْدَ الْمَعْصُوْمِيْنَ عِنْدَكَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَآ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--It has been narrated that Ali ibn Hammad visited Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq(a.s.) at the twenty-first night of Ramadan. “Have you bathed yourself, Hammad?” asked the Imam. “Yes, I have,” answered Hammad. The Imam (a.s.) then asked him to stand by him so as to imitate him in offering prayers. Hammad did. When they finished all the prayers, the Imam (a.s.) began to supplicate and Hammad listened and prayed for response. When dawn (fajr) rose, the Imam (a.s.) declared the adhan (call to prayer), uttered the iqamah (the prefatory part of prayers), and then summoned one of his servants to participate in the prayer. They all stood behind the Imam (a.s.) who led their congregational Fajr (dawn (fajr)) Prayer reciting Surahs al-Faatehah and al-Qadr in the first unit and Surahs al-Faatehah and al-Tawheed in the second. When he finished the post-prayer litanies and doxologies, praising Him, venerating Him, thanking Him, invoking His blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, and praying Him for the good of all the believing men and women as well as all the Muslims, Imam al-Sadiq(a.s.) prostrated himself. The companions could not hear anything except the Imam’s breaths for a long time. Hammad narrated: I could then hear him saying the following:\r\n\r\n--لَا اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ مُقَلِّبَ الْقُلُوْبِ وَ الْاَبْصَارِ۔۔۔۔--This long supplicatory prayer has been mentioned by Sayyid Ibn Tawus in his book of Iqbal al-A’mal.\r\n\r\nAl-Kulayni has narrated that Imam Muhammad al-Baqir (a.s.) used to supplicate Almighty Allah at the twenty-first and twenty-third nights of Ramadan up to midnight. After that, he would offer prayers.\r\n\r\nAs for the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), it has been narrated that he used to bathe himself at each of the last ten nights of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nBeing the best time of I’tikaf (the ritual seclusion in places of worship for practicing acts of worship), it is highly recommended to practice the ritual I’tikaf at the last ten nights of Ramadan, for this deed brings about an abundant reward. According to narrations, its reward is as same as the reward of two times of Hajj and two times of ‘Umrah. In this regard, it is reported that the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), at the last ten nights of Ramadan, used to confine himself to the mosque where a dome made of camel hair would be erected for him while he would roll up his bed and prepare himself for worship.\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that at the twenty-first night of Ramadan, the sadnesses of the Shi’ah should be shown. At the twenty-first night of Ramadan, AH 40, Imam Ali ibn Abi-Talib, Ameer al-Momineen - peace be upon him - departed life as martyr. It is narrated that fresh blood would be found under any rock that was lifted at that night. The same thing happened at the night of Imam al-Husayn’s martyrdom.\r\n\r\nShaykh al-Mufid says: At this night, it is highly recommended, as frequently as possible, to invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household and to invoke His curse upon those who have wronged the Ahl al-Bayt and upon the killer of Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The twenty-first night of Ramadan is more meritorious that the nineteenth. It is worthwhile to practice the previously mentioned general rites of the Qadr Nights, such as bathing, spending the whole nights with acts of worship, visiting the tomb of Imam al-Husayn (a.s.), offering the two unit prayer at which Surah al-Faatehah is recited once and Surah al-Tawheed repeated seven times, putting a copy of the Holy Qur’an on the head and saying the supplication dedicated to this practice, saying the Dua al-Jawshan al-Kabir supplicatory prayer, and so on. According to narrations, it is strongly advisable to do the bathing and to spend the whole night with painstaking acts of worship at this night as well as the twenty-third, since the real Qadr Night is one of these two nights.\r\n\r\nWhen the Holy Infallibles (a.s.) were asked to specify the Qadr Night, they did not specify; rather they used to say, “It is too easy to act at two nights in order to win one’s desire.” They also used to say, “What will harm you if you do righteously at two nights?”\r\n\r\nDictating to his students, Shaykh al-Saduq said in one of his sessions, “It is preferable to spend these two nights with studying the religious knowledge.”\r\n\r\nStarting with this night, it is recommended to say the supplicatory prayers that are dedicated to the last ten nights of Ramadan.\r\n\r\n(6) Al-Kaf’ami has quoted Sayyid Ibn Baqi as saying that it is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer at the twenty-first night of Ramadan:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please) bless Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and decide for me forbearance that blocks the door to ignorance against me, guidance that You confer upon me against any item of straying off, affluence that blocks the door to all poverty against me, power due to which You repel any weakness from me, might with which You honor me against all humiliation, sublimity through which You exalt me against all humbleness, security through which You protect me against any fear, wellbeing by which You cover me against any ailment, knowledge due to which You open before me all certitude, certitude due to which You remove from me any doubt, prayer through which You expand Your response to me at this very night and at this very hour, this very hour, this very hour, this very hour, O All-generous, apprehension due to which You spread over me all items of mercy, and shelter due to which You intervene between my sins and me, so that I shall succeed in the view of the Infallible ones with You, in the name of Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy.\r\n\r\nIt has been narrated that Ali ibn Hammad visited Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq (a.s.) at the twenty-first night of Ramadan. “Have you bathed yourself, Hammad?” asked the Imam. “Yes, I have,” answered Hammad. The Imam (a.s.) then asked him to stand by him so as to imitate him in offering prayers. Hammad did. When they finished all the prayers, the Imam (a.s.) began to supplicate and Hammad listened and prayed for response. When dawn rose, the Imam (a.s.) declared the adhan (call to prayer), uttered the iqamah (the prefatory part of prayers), and then summoned one of his servants to participate in the prayer. They all stood behind the Imam (a.s.) who led their congregational Fajr (dawn) Prayer reciting Surahs al-Faatehah and al-Qadr in the first unit and Surahs al-Faatehah and al-Tawheed in the second. When he finished the post-prayer litanies and doxologies (zikr), praising Him, venerating Him, thanking Him, invoking His blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household, and praying Him for the good of all the believing men and women as well as all the Muslims, Imam al-Sadiq (a.s.) prostrated himself. The companions could not hear anything except the Imam’s breaths for a long time. Hammad narrated: I could then hear him saying the following:\r\n\r\nThere is no god save You, the Transformer of hearts and sights...\r\n\r\nThis long supplicatory prayer has been mentioned by Sayyid Ibn Tawus in his book of Iqbal al-A’mal.\r\n\r\nAl-Kulayni has narrated that Imam Muhammad al-Baqir (a.s.) used to supplicate Almighty Allah at the twenty-first and twenty-third nights of Ramadan up to midnight. After that, he would offer prayers.\r\n\r\nAs for the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), it has been narrated that he used to bathe himself at each of the last ten nights of Ramadan.\r\n\r\nBeing the best time of I’tikaf (the ritual seclusion in places of worship for practicing acts of worship), it is highly recommended to practice the ritual I’tikaf at the last ten nights of Ramadan, for this deed brings about an abundant reward. According to narrations, its reward is as same as the reward of two times of Hajj and two times of ‘Umrah. In this regard, it is reported that the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), at the last ten nights of Ramadan, used to confine himself to the mosque where a dome made of camel hair would be erected for him while he would roll up his bed and prepare himself for worship.\r\n\r\nIt is worth mentioning that at the twenty-first night of Ramadan, the sadnesses of the Shi’ah should be shown. At the twenty-first night of Ramadan, AH 40, Imam Ali ibn Abi-Talib, Ameer al-Momineen - peace be upon him - departed life as martyr. It is narrated that fresh blood would be found under any rock that was lifted at that night. The same thing happened at the night of Imam al-Husayn’s martyrdom.\r\n\r\nShaykh al-Mufid says: At this night, it is highly recommended, as frequently as possible, to invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household and to invoke His curse upon those who have wronged the Ahl al-Bayt and upon the killer of Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen."
}