{
    "content": "Invoking Allah’s Curse Upon the Lying Party\r\n\r\nOn the twenty-forth of Dhu’l-Hijjah, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) invited the Christians of Najran that each party would invoke Almighty Allah’s curse upon the liars among them so that the truthful party would be distinguished and the lying party would be cursed. The Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) put on a cloak and embraced Imam Ali, Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’, Imam al-Hasan, and Imam al-Husayn - peace be upon them - and prayed Almighty Allah, saying, “O Allah, verily, each Prophet had a family members whom were the nearest to him. O Allah, these are my Household; so, (please do) remove uncleanness from them and purify them with thorough purification.” Immediately after that, Archangel Gabriel descended carrying the Verse of Purification. Then, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) accompanied his family members as his partners in the process of invoking Almighty Allah’s curse upon the lying party. As soon as the Christians’ eyes fell on the Holy Prophet’s household, they realized that those individuals were the most truthful and that chastisement would be the share of anyone who would oppose them. They therefore did not dare to participate in that invocation of curse and, instead, they agreed to pay a tribute (jizyah) to the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.).\r\n\r\nOn the twenty-fourth of Dhu’l-Hijjah too, Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen(a.s.), while he was offering a prayer and, more precisely, while he was in the genuflection (ruku') of that prayer, gave his ring as alms to a poor who was begging in the mosque. Therefore, Almighty Allah revealed the holy verses (5:55-56):\r\n\r\nThe recommended acts on this day are as follows:\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to bathe oneself on this day.\r\n\r\nSecond: It is recommended to observe fasting.\r\n\r\nThird: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer that should be similar to the two unit prayer that is offered on the ‘Id al-Ghadir Day in form, time, and even reward. The only difference is that Ayah al-Kursi should be recited with the two verses following it.\r\n\r\nDUA AL-MUBAHALAH\r\n\r\nFourth: It is recommended to say Dua al-Mubahalah, which is similar to the famous supplicatory prayer known as Dua al-Baha’ that is said at the last hours of Ramadan nights (i.e. sahar). Nevertheless, a little difference in this supplication is noticed between the version of Shaykh al-Tusi and the version of Sayyid Ibn Tawus. I will thus choose the earlier one that is recorded in Shaykh al-Tusi’s book of Misbah al-Mutahajjid and reported from Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq(a.s.):\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ بَهَاۤئِكَ بِاَبْهَاهُ وَ كُلُّ بَهَاۤئِكَ بَهِيٌّ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِبَهَاۤئِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ جَلَالِكَ بِاَجَلِّهِ وَ كُلُّ جَلَالِكَ جَلِيْلٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِجَلَالِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ جَمَالِكَ بِاَجْمَلِهِ وَ كُلُّ جَمَالِكَ جَمِيْلٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِجَمَالِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَا اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ عَظَمَتِكَ بِاَعْظَمِهَا وَ كُلُّ عَظَمَتِكَ عَظِيْمَةٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِعَظَمَتِكَ كُلِّهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ نُوْرِكَ بِاَنْوَرِهِ وَ كُلُّ نُوْرِكَ نَيِّرٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِنُوْرِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ رَحْمَتِكَ بِاَوْسَعِهَا وَ كُلُّ رَحْمَتِكَ وَاسِعَةٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ كُلِّهَا۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَاۤ اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ كَمَالِكَ بِاَكْمَلِهِ وَ كُلُّ كَمَالِكَ كَامِلٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِكَمَالِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ كَلِمَاتِكَ بِاَتَمِّهَا وَ كُلُّ كَلِمَاتِكَ تَآمَّةٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ ۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِكَلِمَاتِكَ كُلِّهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ اَسْمَاۤئِكَ بِاَكْبَرِهَا وَ كُلُّ اَسْمَاۤئِكَ كَبِيْرَةٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِاَسْمَاۤئِكَ كُلِّهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَاۤ اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْۤ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ عِزَّتِكَ بِاَعَزِّهَا وَ كُلُّ عِزَّتِكَ عَزِيْزَةٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِعِزَّتِكَ كُلِّهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ مَشِيَّتِكَ بِاَمْضَاهَا وَ كُلُّ مَشِيَّتِكَ مَاضِيَةٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِمَشِيَّتِكَ كُلِّهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِقُدْرَتِكَ الَّتِيْ اسْتَطَلْتَ بِهَا عَلٰى كُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ وَ كُلُّ قُدْرَتِكَ مُسْتَطِيْلَةٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِقُدْرَتِكَ كُلِّهَا، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَا اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْۤ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ عِلْمِكَ بِاَنْفَذِهِ وَ كُلُّ عِلْمِكَ نَافِذٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِعِلْمِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ قَوْلِكَ بِاَرْضَاهُ وَ كُلُّ قَوْلِكَ رَضِيٌّ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِقَوْلِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ مَسَاۤئِلِكَ بِاَحَبِّهَا وَ كُلُّهَا اِلَيْكَ حَبِيْبَةٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِمَسَاۤئِلِكَ كُلِّهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَاۤ اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ شَرَفِكَ بِاَشْرَفِهِ وَ كُلُّ شَرَفِكَ شَرِيْفٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِشَرَفِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ سُلْطَانِكَ بِاَدْوَمِهِ وَ كُلُّ سُلْطَانِكَ دَاۤئِمٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِسُلْطَانِكَ كُلِّهِ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ مُلْكِكَ بِاَفْخَرِهِ وَ كُلُّ مُلْكِكَ فَاخِرٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِمُلْكِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَاۤ اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ عَلَاۤئِكَ بِاَعْلَاهُ وَ كُلُّ عَلَاۤئِكَ عَالٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِعَلَاۤئِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ اٰيَاتِكَ بِاَعْجَبِهَا وَ كُلُّ اٰيَاتِكَ عَجِيْبَةٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِاٰيَاتِكَ كُلِّهَا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ مَنِّكَ بِاَقْدَمِهِ وَ كُلُّ مَنِّكَ قَدِيْمٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِمَنِّكَ كُلِّهِ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَاۤ اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِمَاۤ اَنْتَ فِيْهِ مِنَ الشُّئُوْنِ وَ الْجَبَرُوْتِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِكُلِّ شَأْنٍ وَ كُلِّ جَبَرُوْتٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِمَا تُجِيْبُنِيْ بِهِ حِيْنَ اَسْاَلُكَ يَاۤ اَللّٰهُ يَا لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِبَهَاۤءِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ يَا لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِجَلَالِ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ يَا لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّاۤ اَنْتَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِلَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اَنْتَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَاۤ اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْۤ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ رِزْقِكَ بِاَعَمِّهِ وَ كُلُّ رِزْقِكَ عَآمٌّ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِرِزْقِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ عَطَاۤئِكَ بِاَهْنَاهِ وَ كُلُّ عَطَاۤئِكَ هَنِيْۤ‏ءٌ، اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِعَطَاۤئِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ خَيْرِكَ بِاَعْجَلِهِ وَ كُلُّ خَيْرِكَ عَاجِلٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِخَيْرِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ مِنْ فَضْلِكَ بِاَفْضَلِهِ وَ كُلُّ فَضْلِكَ فَاضِلٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِفَضْلِكَ كُلِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَدْعُوْكَ كَمَاۤ اَمَرْتَنِيْ فَاسْتَجِبْ لِيْ كَمَا وَعَدْتَنِيْ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ ابْعَثْنِيْ عَلَى الْاِيْمَانِ بِكَ وَ التَّصْدِيْقِ بِرَسُوْلِكَ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ وَ الْوِلَايَةِ لِعَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ وَ الْبَرَاۤءَةِ مِنْ عَدُوِّهِ وَ الْاِيْتِمَامِ بِالْاَئِمَّةِ مِنْ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ فَاِنِّيْ قَدْ رَضِيْتُ بِذٰلِكَ يَا رَبِّ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ عَبْدِكَ وَ رَسُوْلِكَ فِيْ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ فِي الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ فِي الْمَلَاِ الْاَعْلٰى وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ فِيْ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَعْطِ مُحَمَّدًا ۟اِلْوَسِيْلَةَ وَ الشَّرَفَ وَ الْفَضِيْلَةَ وَ الدَّرَجَةَ الْكَبِيْرَةَ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ قَنِّعْنِيْ بِمَا رَزَقْتَنِيْ وَ بَارِكْ لِيْ فِيْمَاۤ اٰتَيْتَنِيْ وَ احْفَظْنِيْ فِيْ غَيْبَتِيْ وَ كُلِّ غَاۤئِبٍ هُوَ لِيْۤ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ ابْعَثْنِيْ عَلَى الْاِيْمَانِ بِكَ وَ التَّصْدِيْقِ بِرَسُوْلِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ خَيْرَ الْخَيْرِ رِضْوَانَكَ وَ الْجَنَّةَ وَ اَعُوْذُ بِكَ مِنْ شَرِّ الشَّرِّ سَخَطِكَ وَ النَّارِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ احْفَظْنِيْ مِنْ كُلِّ مُصِيْبَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ بَلِيَّةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ عُقُوْبَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ فِتْنَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ بَلَاۤءٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ شَرٍّ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ مَكْرُوْهٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ مُصِيْبَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ اٰفَةٍ نَزَلَتْ اَوْ تَنْزِلُ مِنَ السَّمَاۤءِ اِلَى الْاَرْضِ فِيْ هٰذِهِ السَّاعَةِ وَ فِيْ هٰذِهِ اللَّيْلَةِ وَ فِيْ هٰذَا الْيَوْمِ وَ فِيْ هٰذَا الشَّهْرِ وَ فِيْ هٰذِهِ السَّنَةِ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اقْسِمْ لِيْ مِنْ كُلِّ سُرُوْرٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ بَهْجَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ اسْتِقَامَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ فَرَجٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ عَافِيَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ سَلَامَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ كَرَامَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ رِزْقٍ وَاسِعٍ حَلَالٍ طَيِّبٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ نِعْمَةٍ وَ مِنْ كُلِّ سَعَةٍ نَزَلَتْ اَوْ تَنْزِلُ مِنَ السَّمَاۤءِ اِلَى الْاَرْضِ فِيْ هٰذِهِ السَّاعَةِ وَ فِيْ هٰذِهِ اللَّيْلَةِ وَ فِيْ هٰذَا الْيَوْمِ وَ فِيْ هٰذَا الشَّهْرِ وَ فِيْ هٰذِهِ السَّنَةِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنْ كَانَتْ ذُنُوْبِيْ قَدْ اَخْلَقَتْ وَجْهِيْ عِنْدَكَ وَ حَالَتْ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَكَ وَ غَيَّرَتْ حَالِيْ عِنْدَكَ فَاِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِنُوْرِ وَجْهِكَ الَّذِيْ لَا يُطْفَاُ، وَ بِوَجْهِ مُحَمَّدٍ حَبِيْبِكَ الْمُصْطَفٰى وَ بِوَجْهِ وَلِيِّكَ عَلِيٍّ ۟اِلْمُرْتَضٰى وَ بِحَقِّ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ الَّذِيْنَ انْتَجَبْتَهُمْ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ تَغْفِرَ لِيْ مَا مَضٰى مِنْ ذُنُوْبِيْ وَ اَنْ تَعْصِمَنِيْ فِيْمَا بَقِيَ مِنْ عُمُرِيْ وَ اَعُوْذُ بِكَ اللّٰهُمَّ اَنْ اَعُوْدَ فِيْ شَيْ‏ءٍ مِنْ مَعَاصِيْكَ اَبَدًا مَا اَبْقَيْتَنِيْ حَتّٰى تَتَوَفَّانِيْ وَ اَنَا لَكَ مُطِيْعٌ وَ اَنْتَ عَنِّيْ رَاضٍ وَ اَنْ تَخْتِمَ لِيْ عَمَلِيْ بِاَحْسَنِهِ وَ تَجْعَلَ لِيْ ثَوَابَهُ الْجَنَّةَ وَ اَنْ تَفْعَلَ بِيْ مَاۤ اَنْتَ اَهْلُهُ يَاۤ اَهْلَ التَّقْوٰى وَ يَاۤ اَهْلَ الْمَغْفِرَةِ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ ارْحَمْنِيْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ--Fifth: It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer that Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus reported to be said after offering a two unit prayer and imploring for forgiveness seventy times. This supplicatory prayer begins with the following:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ فَاطِرِ السَّمَاوَاتِ وَالْاَرْضِ۔۔۔۔--In order to imitate the Commander of the Believers, Imam Ali(a.s.), each believing man and woman is required to give alms on this day. It is also advisable to visit the holy tomb of Imam Ali(a.s.) and it is proper to say al-Ziyarah al-Jami’ah (the Comprehensive Ziyarah), which will be cited in this book in the chapter of the comprehensive forms of Ziyarah.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "On the twenty-forth of Dhu’l-Hijjah, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) invited the Christians of Najran that each party would invoke Almighty Allah’s curse upon the liars among them so that the truthful party would be distinguished and the lying party would be cursed. The Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) put on a cloak and embraced Imam Ali, Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’, Imam al-Hasan, and Imam al-Husayn - peace be upon them - and prayed Almighty Allah, saying, “O Allah, verily, each Prophet had a family members whom were the nearest to him. O Allah, these are my Household; so, (please do) remove uncleanness from them and purify them with thorough purification.” Immediately after that, Archangel Gabriel descended carrying the Verse of Purification.23 Then, the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) accompanied his family members as his partners in the process of invoking Almighty Allah’s curse upon the lying party. As soon as the Christians’ eyes fell on the Holy Prophet’s household, they realized that those individuals were the most truthful and that chastisement would be the share of anyone who would oppose them. They therefore did not dare to participate in that invocation of curse and, instead, they agreed to pay a tribute (jizyah) to the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.).\r\n\r\nOn the twenty-fourth of Dhu’l-Hijjah too, Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen (a.s.), while he was offering a prayer and, more precisely, while he was in the genuflection of that prayer, gave his ring as alms to a poor who was begging in the mosque. Therefore, Almighty Allah revealed the following holy verses (5:55-56):\r\n\r\nOnly Allah is your wall (master) and His Messenger and those who believe, those who keep up prayers and pay the poor-rate while they bow. And whoever takes Allah and His messenger and those who believe for a guardian, then surely the party of Allah are they that shall be triumphant.\r\n\r\nThe recommended acts on this day are as follows:\r\n\r\nFirst: It is recommended to bathe oneself on this day.\r\n\r\nSecond: It is recommended to observe fasting.\r\n\r\nThird: It is recommended to offer a two unit prayer that should be similar to the two unit prayer that is offered on the ‘Id al-Ghadir Day in form, time, and even reward. The only difference is that Ayah al-Kursi should be recited with the two verses following it; that is, it should be recited up to:\r\n\r\nThey are the inmates of the fire, in it they shall abide.\r\n\r\nThis means that it is recited along with the two verses following it.\r\n\r\nDua al-Mubahalah\r\n\r\nFourth: It is recommended to say Dua al-Mubahalah, which is similar to the famous supplicatory prayer known as Dua al-Baha’ that is said at the last hours of Ramadan nights (i.e. sahar). Nevertheless, a little difference in this supplication is noticed between the version of Shaykh al-Tusi and the version of Sayyid Ibn Tawus. I will thus choose the earlier one that is recorded in Shaykh al-Tusi’s book of Misbah al-Mutahajjid and reported from Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq (a.s.):\r\n\r\nO Allah, I ask You to give me from Your brilliance that beautifies, and all Your glories are radiantly brilliant. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your glories. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your majesty that gives grandeur, and all Your majestic powers are strongly sublime. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your powers. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your refined good that makes more handsome, and all Your refinements are gracefully beautiful. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your beauties. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your greatness that makes great, and all Your powers are extensively important. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your influences. O Allah, I beseech You to give me from Your light that enlightens, and all Your enlightenments are luminously bright. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your lights. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your mercy that gives much, and all Your kind leniencies are plenteously many. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your compassions. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your perfection that brings to fullness, and all Your perfections are total and whole. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your perfections. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your Words that elaborate and conclude; and all Your words are complete and perfect. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your Words. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your Names that make great, and all Your Names are important. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your Names. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, I beseech You to give me from Your authority that surpasses in honor and power, and all Your authorities are rare and supreme. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your authorities. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your Will that (simultaneously) takes effect, and all Your wills are (at once) executed. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your wills. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your that omnipotence which controls everything, and at all events Your omnipotence dominates. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your all-embracing omnipotence. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your Wisdom that pierces through and enforces, and Your Wisdom is altogether effective. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your Wisdom. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your promise which always is fulfilled, and all Your promises are kept and fulfilled. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your promises. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your Channels which are most dear to You, and all that which is dear to You is most desirable. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your Channels. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your distinctions that vie in glory, and all Your distinctions are noble. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your distinctions. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your sovereignty which lasts and continues forever, and for all times Your sovereignty is everlasting. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your absolute sovereignty. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your kingdom that surpasses in glory and nobility, and in reality Your kingdom alone is the most celebrated and magnificent. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your unlimited kingdom. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your highness that is supreme and all Your highness is supreme. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all of Your highness. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your signs which are astonishing, and all Your signs are astonishing. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your signs. O Allah, I ask You to give me from Your bounties which always move ahead, come in advance, and all Your bounties are eternal. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of all Your bounties. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, I ask You to give me whereby You exercises absolute authorities and power, I beseech You in the name of (Your) total omnipotence, and total authority. O Allah, I ask You to give me whereby You gives answer to my supplication whenever I turn to You. O Allah save Whom there is no god! I beseech You in the name of the brilliance of ‘there is no god save You’. O He save Whom there is no god, I beseech You in the name of the majesty of ‘there is no god save You’. O He save Whom there is no god, I beseech You in the name of ‘there is no god save You’. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, I beseech You to grant me from the most widespread of Your sustenance; and all Your sustenance is widespread. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your whole sustenance. O Allah, I beseech You to grant me from the most wholesome of Your bestowal; and Your entire bestowal is wholesome. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your entire bestowal. O Allah, I beseech You to grant me from Your most instant welfare; and Your entire welfare is instant. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your entire welfare. O Allah, I beseech You to grant me from the best of Your favors; and all Your favors are excellent. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Your whole favor. O Allah, I am praying You as You have ordered me to do; so, please respond to me as You have promised. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and resurrect me carrying belief in You, giving credence to Your Messenger, peace be upon him and his Household, being loyal to 'Ali ibn Abi-Talib, disclaiming his enemies, and accepting the leadership of the Imams from Muhammad’s Household, peace be upon them, for I am pleased with that, O my Lord. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad, Your servant and Messenger, among the ancient ones, send blessings to Muhammad among the later ones, send blessings to Muhammad in the Highest Chiefs, and send blessings to Muhammad among the Missioned Prophets. O Allah, grant Muhammad [the right of] mediation, honor, precedence, and great rank. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, make me satisfied with the sustenance You have given me, bless me in what You have granted me, safeguard me during my absence [from home], and safeguard every absent one that is related to me. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, resurrect me carrying belief in You and giving credence to Your Messenger. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, and I beseech You for the best of goodness: Your pleasure and Paradise, and I pray for Your protecting me against the worst of evil: Your wrath and Hellfire. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and protect me against every misfortune, every tribulation, every punishment, every trial, every ordeal, every evil, every mishap, every misfortune, and every bane that has been caused to descend or will be caused to descend from the heavens to the earth, at this hour, at this night, on this day, in this month, and in this year. O Allah, send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and grant me part of every pleasure, every delight, every uprightness, every relief, every wellbeing, every safety, every honoring, every sustenance that is expansive, legally-gotten, and wholesome, every grace, and every affluence that has been caused to descend or will be caused to descend from the heavens to the earth, at this hour, at this night, on this day, in this month, and in this year. O Allah, if my sins have worn out my face in Your sight, intervened between You and me, and changed my state with You, so, I beseech You in the name of the Light of Your Face that is never extinguished, in the name of the face of Muhammad, Your chosen and most beloved of You, in the name of the face of 'Ali, Your most pleased intimate servant, and in the name of Your saints whom You have selected [for Yourself] to send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and forgive me all of my past sins, and protect me [against sinning] in the rest of my life. I seek Your protection, O Allah, against that I may commit again any act of disobedience to You as long as You keep me alive so that You will take me up while I am obedient to You and You are pleased with me. I beseech You to seal my life with the most excellent of my deeds decide Paradise to be my reward for that, and do to me that which befits You, O He Who is worthy to be feared and worthy to forgive! Send blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and have mercy on me, in the name of Your mercy, O most Merciful of all those who show mercy.\r\n\r\nFifth: It is recommended to say the supplicatory prayer that Shaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus reported to be said after offering a two unit prayer and imploring for forgiveness seventy times. This supplicatory prayer begins with the following:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah, the Lord of the worlds. All praise be to Allah, the Maker of the skies and the earth...\r\n\r\nIn order to imitate the Commander of the Believers, Imam Ali (a.s.), each believing man and woman is required to give alms on this day. It is also advisable to visit the holy tomb of Imam Ali (a.s.) and it is proper to say al-Ziyarah al-Jami’ah (the Comprehensive Ziyarah), which will be cited in this book in the chapter of the comprehensive forms of Ziyarah."
}