{
    "content": "In the book of Tuhfat al-Za’ir, Shaykh al-Mufid states that it is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer after accomplishing the prayer of visiting Imam al-Rida’s tomb:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ يَاۤ اَللّٰهُ الدَّاۤئِمُ فِيْ مُلْكِهِ الْقَاۤئِمُ فِيْ عِزِّهِ الْمُطَاعُ فِيْ سُلْطَانِهِ الْمُتَفَرِّدُ فِيْ كِبْرِيَاۤئِهِ الْمُتَوَحِّدُ فِيْ دَيْمُوْمِيَّةِ بَقَاۤئِهِ الْعَادِلُ فِيْ بَرِيَّتِهِ الْعَالِمُ فِيْ قَضِيَّتِهِ الْكَرِيْمُ فِيْ تَأْخِيْرِ عُقُوْبَتِهِ اِلٰهِيْ حَاجَاتِيْ مَصْرُوْفَةٌ اِلَيْكَ وَ اٰمَالِيْ مَوْقُوْفَةٌ لَدَيْكَ وَ كُلَّمَا وَفَّقْتَنِيْ مِنْ خَيْرٍ فَاَنْتَ دَلِيْلِيْ عَلَيْهِ وَ طَرِيْقِيْ اِلَيْهِ يَا قَدِيْرًا لَا تَئُوْدُهُ الْمَطَالِبُ يَا مَلِيًّا يَلْجَاُ اِلَيْهِ كُلُّ رَاغِبٍ مَا زِلْتُ مَصْحُوْبًا مِنْكَ بِالنِّعَمِ جَارِيًا عَلٰى عَادَاتِ الْاِحْسَانِ وَ الْكَرَمِ اَسْاَلُكَ بِالْقُدْرَةِ النَّافِذَةِ فِيْ جَمِيْعِ الْاَشْيَاۤءِ وَ قَضَاۤئِكَ الْمُبْرَمِ الَّذِيْ تَحْجُبُهُ بِاَيْسَرِ الدُّعَاۤءِ وَ بِالنَّظْرَةِ الَّتِيْ نَظَرْتَ بِهَاۤ اِلَى الْجِبَالِ فَتَشَامَخَتْ وَ اِلَى الْاَرَضِيْنَ فَتَسَطَّحَتْ وَ اِلَى السَّمَاوَاتِ فَارْتَفَعَتْ، وَ اِلَى الْبِحَارِ فَتَفَجَّرَتْ يَا مَنْ جَلَّ عَنْ اَدَوَاتِ لَحَظَاتِ الْبَشَرِ وَ لَطُفَ عَنْ دَقَاۤئِقِ خَطَرَاتِ الْفِكَرِ لَا تُحْمَدُ يَا سَيِّدِيْۤ اِلَّا بِتَوْفِيْقٍ مِنْكَ يَقْتَضِيْ حَمْدًا وَ لَا تُشْكَرُ عَلٰۤى اَصْغَرِ مِنَّةٍ اِلَّا اسْتَوْجَبْتَ بِهَا شُكْرًا فَمَتٰى تُحْصٰى نَعْمَاۤؤُكَ يَاۤ اِلٰهِيْ وَ تُجَازٰىۤ اٰلَاۤؤُكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ وَ تُكَافَاُ صَنَاۤئِعُكَ يَا سَيِّدِيْ وَ مِنْ نِعَمِكَ يَحْمَدُ الْحَامِدُوْنَ وَ مِنْ شُكْرِكَ يَشْكُرُ الشَّاكِرُوْنَ وَ اَنْتَ الْمُعْتَمَدُ لِلذُّنُوْبِ فِيْ عَفْوِكَ وَ النَّاشِرُ عَلَى الْخَاطِئِيْنَ جَنَاحَ سَتْرِكَ وَ اَنْتَ الْكَاشِفُ لِلضُّرِّ بِيَدِكَ فَكَمْ مِنْ سَيِّئَةٍ اَخْفَاهَا حِلْمُكَ حَتّٰى دَخِلَتْ وَ حَسَنَةٍ ضَاعَفَهَا فَضْلُكَ حَتّٰى عَظُمَتْ عَلَيْهَا مُجَازَاتُكَ جَلَلْتَ اَنْ يُخَافَ مِنْكَ اِلَّا الْعَدْلُ وَ اَنْ يُرْجٰى مِنْكَ اِلَّا الْاِحْسَانُ وَ الْفَضْلُ فَامْنُنْ عَلَيَّ بِمَاۤ اَوْجَبَهُ فَضْلُكَ، وَ لَا تَخْذُلْنِيْ بِمَا يَحْكُمُ بِهِ عَدْلُكَ سَيِّدِيْ لَوْ عَلِمَتِ الْاَرْضُ بِذُنُوْبِيْ لَسَاخَتْ بِيْ اَوِ الْجِبَالُ لَهَدَّتْنِيْ اَوِ السَّمَاوَاتُ لَاخْتَطَفَتْنِيْ اَوِ الْبِحَارُ لَاَغْرَقَتْنِيْ سَيِّدِيْ سَيِّدِيْ سَيِّدِيْ مَوْلَايَ مَوْلَايَ مَوْلَايَ قَدْ تَكَرَّرَ وُقُوْفِيْ لِضِيَافَتِكَ فَلَا تَحْرِمْنِيْ مَا وَعَدْتَ الْمُتَعَرِّضِيْنَ لِمَسْاَلَتِكَ يَا مَعْرُوْفَ الْعَارِفِيْنَ يَا مَعْبُوْدَ الْعَابِدِيْنَ يَا مَشْكُوْرَ الشَّاكِرِيْنَ يَا جَلِيْسَ الذَّاكِرِيْنَ يَا مَحْمُوْدَ مَنْ حَمِدَهُ يَا مَوْجُوْدَ مَنْ طَلَبَهُ يَا مَوْصُوْفَ مَنْ وَحَّدَهُ يَا مَحْبُوْبَ مَنْ اَحَبَّهُ يَا غَوْثَ مَنْ اَرَادَهُ يَا مَقْصُوْدَ مَنْ اَنَابَ اِلَيْهِ يَا مَنْ لَا يَعْلَمُ الْغَيْبَ اِلَّا هُوَ يَا مَنْ لَا يَصْرِفُ السُّوْۤءَ اِلَّا هُوَ يَا مَنْ لَا يُدَبِّرُ الْاَمْرَ اِلَّا هُوَ يَا مَنْ لَا يَغْفِرُ الذَّنْبَ اِلَّا هُوَ يَا مَنْ لَا يَخْلُقُ الْخَلْقَ اِلَّا هُوَ يَا مَنْ لَا يُنَزِّلُ الْغَيْثَ اِلَّا هُوَ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اغْفِرْ لِيْ يَا خَيْرَ الْغَافِرِيْنَ، رَبِّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ حَيَاۤءٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ رَجَاۤءٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ اِنَابَةٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ رَغْبَةٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ رَهْبَةٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ طَاعَةٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ اِيْمَانٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ اِقْرَارٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ اِخْلَاصٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ تَقْوٰى وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ تَوَكُّلٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ ذِلَّةٍ وَ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ اسْتِغْفَارَ عَامِلٍ لَكَ هَارِبٍ مِنْكَ اِلَيْكَ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ، وَ تُبْ عَلَيَّ وَ عَلٰى وَالِدَيَّ بِمَا تُبْتَ وَ تَتُوْبُ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ خَلْقِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ يَا مَنْ يُسَمّٰى بِالْغَفُوْرِ الرَّحِيْمِ يَا مَنْ يُسَمّٰى بِالْغَفُوْرِ الرَّحِيْمِ يَا مَنْ يُسَمّٰى بِالْغَفُوْرِ الرَّحِيْمِ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اقْبَلْ تَوْبَتِيْ وَ زَكِّ عَمَلِيْ وَ اشْكُرْ سَعْيِيْ وَ ارْحَمْ ضَرَاعَتِيْ وَ لَا تَحْجُبْ صَوْتِيْ وَ لَا تُخَيِّبْ مَسْاَلَتِيْ يَا غَوْثَ الْمُسْتَغِيْثِيْنَ وَ اَبْلِغْ اَئِمَّتِيْ سَلَامِيْ وَ دُعَاۤئِيْ وَ شَفِّعْهُمْ فِيْ جَمِيْعِ مَا سَاَلْتُكَ وَ اَوْصِلْ هَدِيَّتِيْۤ اِلَيْهِمْ كَمَا يَنْبَغِيْ لَهُمْ وَ زِدْهُمْ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ مَا يَنْبَغِيْ لَكَ بِاَضْعَافٍ لَا يُحْصِيْهَا غَيْرُكَ وَ لَا حَوْلَ وَ لَا قُوَّةَ اِلَّا بِاللّٰهِ الْعَلِيِّ الْعَظِيْمِ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰۤى اَطْيَبِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "In the book of Tuhfat alZa’ir, Shaykh alMufid states that it is recommended to say the following supplicatory prayer after accomplishing the prayer of visiting Imam alRida’s tomb:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I beseech You, O Allah Who is permanent in His kingdom, self-subsisting in His almightiness, obeyed in His authority, unique in His pride, one and only in the perpetuity of His intransience, fair with His creatures, knowing of His issue, and noble in delaying His punishment. O my God, my requests are aimed at You and my hopes are addressed to You exclusively. As to all items of goodness that You have granted me the success to attain, it is You Who is my guide to them and my path towards them. O Omnipotent Who cannot be thwarted by requests! O All-encompassing to Whom desirous ones resort! I have been always endued with bounties from You and accustomed to receive conferrals and generosity from You. I beseech You in the name of the omnipotence to which all things are applicable, in the name of Your unstoppable decree that You may stop by the simplest entreaty, and in the name of the look with which You looked at the mountains and they thus towered, at the layers of the earth and they thus flattened, at the heavens and they thus rose, and at the seas and they thus gushed; O He Who is too Majestic to have the human beings’ organs of sight and Who is too Subtle to be comprehended by the finest line of thinking. Whenever You, O my master, are praised, this is due to a bestowal of success that You grant and that requires (us) to praise You for it. Whenever You are thanked for the least of Your favors, this requires (us) to thank You for this thanking of ours for You. Then, at what time can Your bounties be calculated, O my God, or can Your errands be recompensed, O my Lord, or can Your favors be paid off, O my Master? It is one of Your bounties that praisers praise You and it is one of Your thankworthy acts that thanksgivers thank You. You are also the trusted for pardoning sins, the One Who stretches the wing of Your covering on the wrongdoers, and the One Who relieves from harm with Your Hand. Too many have been the sins that Your forbearance concealed until they became hidden and too many are the good deeds that Your favoring multiplied until Your reward for them became massive. You are too Majestic for us to anticipate anything from You save justice and to desire for anything from You save good turn and favoring. So, (please) endue me with the favors that are incumbent upon You on the basis of Your graciousness and do not disappoint me of that which is required by Your justice. My Master, if the earth knew about my sins, it would swallow me; if mountains knew about them, they would collapse on me; if heavens knew about them, they would snatch me; and if oceans knew about them, they would down me! My Master! My Master! My Master! My Lord! My Lord! My Lord! Frequent has been my standing up in Your hospitability; so, (please) do not deprive me of that which You have promised those who present themselves for praying You. O Well-known by the cognitive ones! O Served by the worshippers! O Thanked by the thanks givers! O Present in the sessions of the mindful ones! O Praised by the praisers of Him! O Nearby to those who seek for Him! O Described by those who profess His Oneness! O Dearest of those who love Him! O Aide of those who require Him! O Purpose of those who turn to Him frequently! O He save Whom none knows the hidden! O He save Whom none fends off evil! O He save Whom none manages the affairs! O He save Whom none forgives sins! O He save Whom none creates the created beings! O He save Whom none brings down rain! Pour down blessings upon Muhammad and Muhammad’s Household and forgive me, O best of all forgivers. O my Lord, I do implore for Your forgiveness timidly. I implore for Your forgiveness hopefully. I implore for Your forgiveness turning to You frequently. I implore for Your forgiveness desiring for You. I implore for Your forgiveness, fearing You. I implore for Your forgiveness obediently. I implore for Your forgiveness having faith in You. I implore for Your forgiveness professing of You. I implore for Your forgiveness sincerely. I implore for Your forgiveness piously. I implore for Your forgiveness, having full trust in You. I implore for Your forgiveness, showing submission to You. I implore for Your forgiveness, dedicating all my acts to You and fleeing from You towards You. So, (please) pour down blessings upon Muhammad and Muhammad’s Household and accept my and my parents’ repentance through the means by which You did and will accept the repentance of all Your creatures. O most merciful of all those who show mercy! O He Who is called the All-forgiving, the All-merciful. O He Who is called the All-forgiving, the All-merciful. O He Who is called the All-forgiving, the All-merciful. Pour down blessings upon Muhammad and Muhammad’s Household, accept my repentance, purify my deed, appreciate my efforts, have mercy upon my imploration, do not interdict my voice, and do not frustrate my prayers. O Aide of those who seek aid! And (please) convey my salutations and my prayers to my Leaders, accept their intercession for me with You in all of that which I have asked You for, deliver my present to them in a way befitting their status, and multiply that for them in a way befitting You with such folds that cannot be counted by anyone other than You. There is neither might nor power except with Allah the All-High and All-great. May Allah bless the purest of the Messengers Muhammad and his Immaculate Household."
}