{
    "content": "The noble Shaykh Ja’far ibn Qawlawayh al-Qummi has reported through a considerable chain of authority that Abu-Hamzah al-Thumali reported Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) as saying:\r\n\r\nIf you intend to visit the tomb of al-’Abbas ibn ‘Ali (‘a) that lies on the bank of the River Euphrates opposite to al-Ha’ir, you should stop at the gate of the shed (precinct) and say these words:\r\n\r\n--سَلَامُ اللّٰهِ وَ سَلَامُ مَلَاۤئِكَتِهِ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ وَ اَنْبِيَاۤئِهِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ وَ عِبَادِهِ الصَّالِحِيْنَ وَ جَمِيْعِ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ وَ الصِّدِّيْقِيْنَ وَ الزَّاكِيَاتُ الطَّيِّبَاتُ فِيْمَا تَغْتَدِيْ وَ تَرُوْحُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَشْهَدُ لَكَ بِالتَّسْلِيْمِ وَ التَّصْدِيْقِ وَ الْوَفَاۤءِ وَ النَّصِيْحَةِ لِخَلَفِ النَّبِيِّ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ الْمُرْسَلِ وَ السِّبْطِ الْمُنْتَجَبِ وَ الدَّلِيْلِ الْعَالِمِ وَ الْوَصِيِّ الْمُبَلِّغِ وَ الْمَظْلُوْمِ الْمُهْتَضَمِ فَجَزَاكَ اللّٰهُ عَنْ رَسُوْلِهِ وَ عَنْ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ عَنِ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْهِمْ اَفْضَلَ الْجَزَاۤءِ بِمَا صَبَرْتَ، وَ احْتَسَبْتَ وَ اَعَنْتَ فَنِعْمَ عُقْبَى الدَّارِ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ قَتَلَكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ جَهِلَ حَقَّكَ وَ اسْتَخَفَّ بِحُرْمَتِكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ حَالَ بَيْنَكَ وَ بَيْنَ مَاۤءِ الْفُرَاتِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قُتِلْتَ مَظْلُوْمًا وَ اَنَّ اللّٰهَ مُنْجِزٌ لَكُمْ مَا وَعَدَكُمْ جِئْتُكَ يَا ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَافِدًا اِلَيْكُمْ وَ قَلْبِيْ مُسَلِّمٌ لَكُمْ وَ تَابِعٌ وَ اَنَا لَكُمْ تَابِعٌ وَ نُصْرَتِيْ لَكُمْ مُعَدَّةٌ حَتّٰى يَحْكُمَ اللّٰهُ وَ هُوَ خَيْرُ الْحَاكِمِيْنَ فَمَعَكُمْ مَعَكُمْ لَا مَعَ عَدُوِّكُمْ اِنِّيْ بِكُمْ وَ بِاِيَابِكُمْ [وَ بِاٰبَاۤئِكُمْ‏] مِنَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ بِمَنْ خَالَفَكُمْ وَ قَتَلَكُمْ مِنَ الْكَافِرِيْنَ قَتَلَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكُمْ بِالْاَيْدِيْ وَ الْاَلْسُنِ۔--You should then enter, throw yourself on the tomb, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْعَبْدُ الصَّالِحُ الْمُطِيْعُ لِلّٰهِ وَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ لِاَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِمْ وَ سَلَّمَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ وَ مَغْفِرَتُهُ وَ رِضْوَانُهُ وَ عَلٰى رُوْحِكَ وَ بَدَنِكَ اَشْهَدُ وَ اُشْهِدُ اللّٰهَ اَنَّكَ مَضَيْتَ عَلٰى مَا مَضٰى بِهِ الْبَدْرِيُّوْنَ وَ الْمُجَاهِدُوْنَ فِيْ سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ الْمُنَاصِحُوْنَ لَهُ فِيْ جِهَادِ اَعْدَاۤئِهِ الْمُبَالِغُوْنَ فِيْ نُصْرَةِ اَوْلِيَاۤئِهِ الذَّآبُّوْنَ عَنْ اَحِبَّاۤئِهِ فَجَزَاكَ اللّٰهُ اَفْضَلَ الْجَزَاۤءِ وَ اَكْثَرَ الْجَزَاۤءِ وَ اَوْفَرَ الْجَزَاۤءِ وَ اَوْفٰى جَزَاۤءِ اَحَدٍ مِمَّنْ وَفٰى بِبَيْعَتِهِ وَ اسْتَجَابَ لَهُ دَعْوَتَهُ وَ اَطَاعَ وُلَاةَ اَمْرِهِ، اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدْ بَالَغْتَ فِي النَّصِيْحَةِ وَ اَعْطَيْتَ غَايَةَ الْمَجْهُوْدِ فَبَعَثَكَ اللّٰهُ فِي الشُّهَدَاۤءِ وَ جَعَلَ رُوْحَكَ مَعَ اَرْوَاحِ السُّعَدَاۤءِ وَ اَعْطَاكَ مِنْ جِنَانِهِ اَفْسَحَهَا مَنْزِلًا وَ اَفْضَلَهَا غُرَفًا وَ رَفَعَ ذِكْرَكَ فِيْ عِلِّيِّيْنَ [فِي الْعَالَمِيْنَ‏] وَ حَشَرَكَ مَعَ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ الصِّدِّيْقِيْنَ وَ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ وَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ وَ حَسُنَ اُوْلٰۤئِكَ رَفِيْقًا اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ لَمْ تَهِنْ وَ لَمْ تَنْكُلْ وَ اَنَّكَ مَضَيْتَ عَلٰى بَصِيْرَةٍ مِنْ اَمْرِكَ مُقْتَدِيًا بِالصَّالِحِيْنَ وَ مُتَّبِعًا لِلنَّبِيِّيْنَ فَجَمَعَ اللّٰهُ بَيْنَنَا وَ بَيْنَكَ وَ بَيْنَ رَسُوْلِهِ وَ اَوْلِيَاۤئِهِ فِيْ مَنَازِلِ الْمُخْبِتِيْنَ فَاِنَّهُ اَرْحَمُ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--It is expedient to say this form of ziyarah while standing behind the holy tomb and facing the kiblah direction, as is also advised by Shaykh al-Tusi in his book of Tahdhib al-Ahkam.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter, throw yourself on the tomb, and say the following words while facing the kiblah direction:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْعَبْدُ الصَّالِحُ--According to the previously mentioned narration, the ziyarah of al-’Abbas ends here. But Sayyid Ibn Tawus and Shaykh al-Mufid, as well as other scholars, have added the following:\r\n\r\nYou may then turn to the side of the head and offer a two-unit prayer. Afterwards, you may offer prayers as many as you wish. You may also supplicate Almighty Allah earnestly. After these prayers, you may say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ لَا تَدَعْ لِيْ فِيْ هٰذَا الْمَكَانِ الْمُكَرَّمِ وَ الْمَشْهَدِ الْمُعَظَّمِ ذَنْبًا اِلَّا غَفَرْتَهُ وَ لَا هَمًّا اِلَّا فَرَّجْتَهُ وَ لَا مَرَضًا اِلَّا شَفَيْتَهُ وَ لَا عَيْبًا اِلَّا سَتَرْتَهُ وَ لَا رِزْقًا اِلَّا بَسَطْتَهُ وَ لَا خَوْفًا اِلَّا اٰمَنْتَهُ وَ لَا شَمْلًا اِلَّا جَمَعْتَهُ وَ لَا غَاۤئِبًا اِلَّا حَفِظْتَهُ وَ اَدْنَيْتَهُ وَ لَا حَاجَةً مِنْ حَوَاۤئِجِ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ لَكَ فِيْهَا رِضًى وَ لِيَ فِيْهَا صَلَاحٌ اِلَّا قَضَيْتَهَا يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔--You may then return to the tomb, stop at the side of the legs, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْفَضْلِ الْعَبَّاسَ ابْنَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ اَوَّلِ الْقَوْمِ اِسْلَامًا وَ اَقْدَمِهِمْ اِيْمَانًا وَ اَقْوَمِهِمْ بِدِيْنِ اللّٰهِ وَ اَحْوَطِهِمْ عَلَى الْاِسْلَامِ اَشْهَدُ لَقَدْ نَصَحْتَ لِلّٰهِ وَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ لِاَخِيْكَ فَنِعْمَ الْاَخُ الْمُوَاسِيْ فَلَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً قَتَلَتْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً ظَلَمَتْكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ اُمَّةً ۟اِسْتَحَلَّتْ مِنْكَ الْمَحَارِمَ وَ انْتَهَكَتْ حُرْمَةَ الْاِسْلَامِ فَنِعْمَ الصَّابِرُ الْمُجَاهِدُ الْمُحَامِي النَّاصِرُ وَ الْاَخُ الدَّافِعُ عَنْ اَخِيهِ، الْمُجِيْبُ اِلٰى طَاعَةِ رَبِّهِ الرَّاغِبُ فِيْمَا زَهِدَ فِيْهِ غَيْرُهُ مِنَ الثَّوَابِ الْجَزِيْلِ وَ الثَّنَاۤءِ الْجَمِيْلِ وَ اَلْحَقَكَ [فَاَلْحَقَكَ‏] اللّٰهُ بِدَرَجَةِ اٰبَاۤئِكَ فِيْ جَنَّاتِ النَّعِيْمِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ تَعَرَّضْتُ لِزِيَارَةِ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ رَغْبَةً فِيْ ثَوَابِكَ وَ رَجَاۤءً لِمَغْفِرَتِكَ وَ جَزِيْلِ اِحْسَانِكَ فَاَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ اَنْ تَجْعَلَ رِزْقِيْ بِهِمْ دَآرًّا وَ عَيْشِيْ بِهِمْ قَآرًّا وَ زِيَارَتِيْ بِهِمْ مَقْبُوْلَةً وَ حَيَاتِيْ بِهِمْ طَيِّبَةً وَ اَدْرِجْنِيۤ اِدْرَاجَ الْمُكْرَمِيْنَ وَ اجْعَلْنِيْ مِمَّنْ يَنْقَلِبُ مِنْ زِيَارَةِ مَشَاهِدِ اَحِبَّاۤئِكَ مُفْلِحًا مُنْجِحًا قَدِ اسْتَوْجَبَ غُفْرَانَ الذُّنُوْبِ وَ سَتْرَ الْعُيُوْبِ وَ كَشْفَ الْكُرُوْبِ اِنَّكَ اَهْلُ التَّقْوٰى وَ اَهْلُ الْمَغْفِرَةِ۔--If you intend to take leave, you may approach the holy tomb and say the following words, which has been reported from Abu-Hamzah al-Thumali and have been mentioned by other scholars:\r\n\r\n--اَسْتَوْدِعُكَ اللّٰهَ وَ اَسْتَرْعِيْكَ وَ اَقْرَاُ عَلَيْكَ السَّلَامَ اٰمَنَّا بِاللّٰهِ وَ بِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ بِكِتَابِهِ وَ بِمَا جَاۤءَ بِهِ مِنْ عِنْدِ اللّٰهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَاكْتُبْنَا مَعَ الشَّاهِدِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ لَا تَجْعَلْهُ اٰخِرَ الْعَهْدِ مِنْ زِيَارَتِيْ قَبْرَ ابْنِ اَخِيْ رَسُوْلِكَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ زِيَارَتَهُ اَبَدًا مَا اَبْقَيْتَنِيْ وَ احْشُرْنِيْ مَعَهُ وَ مَعَ اٰبَاۤئِهِ فِي الْجِنَانِ وَ عَرِّفْ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَهُ وَ بَيْنَ رَسُوْلِكَ وَ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ تَوَفَّنِيْ عَلَى الْاِيْمَانِ بِكَ وَ التَّصْدِيْقِ بِرَسُوْلِكَ وَ الْوِلَايَةِ لِعَلِيِّ بْنِ اَبِيْ طَالِبٍ وَ الْاَئِمَّةِ مِنْ وُلْدِهِ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ وَ الْبَرَاۤءَةِ مِنْ عَدُوِّهِمْ فَاِنِّيْ قَدْ رَضِيْتُ يَاۤ رَبِّيْ بِذٰلِكَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ۔--You may then pray Almighty Allah for yourself, your parents, your brethren-in-faith, and for Muslims. You may choose any statement of supplication you like.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The noble Shaykh Ja’far ibn Qawlawayh alQummi has reported through a considerable chain of authority that AbuHamzah alThumali reported Imam alSadiq (‘a) as saying:\r\n\r\nIf you intend to visit the tomb of al’Abbas ibn ‘Ali (‘a) that lies on the bank of the River Euphrates opposite to alHa’ir, you should stop at the gate of the shed (precinct) and say these words:\r\n\r\nPeace of Allah and peace of His favorite angels, His commissioned prophets, His righteous servants, all the martyrs, and all the veracious (ones), and also pure, true blessings that come and go, be upon you, O son of the Commander of the Faithful. I testify to you of submission (to the will of God), honest acceptance as true, loyalty, and sincerity to the descendant of the commissioned Prophet, Allah’s blessings be upon him and his Household, the chosen grandson (of the Prophet), the well knowledgeable guide (to the true religion), the conveying successor, and the wrongfully oppressed one. So, Allah may reward you on behalf of His Messenger, the Commander of the Faithful, al-Hasan, and al-Husayn, peace of Allah be upon them, with the best reward for your steadfastness, dedication (to the sake of God), and support (for the right party). Very excellent be the reward of the eternal life. Allah’s curse be on him who killed you. Allah’s curse be on him who ignored your position and belittled your sanctity. Allah’s curse be on him who precluded you from having from the water of the Euphrates. I testify that you were killed wrongfully and that Allah will verily fulfill His promise that He made with you. O son of the Commander of the Faithful, I have come to you to present myself before you. My heart is submissive to you and is following you. And I am your follower. I am ready to support you until Allah decides. He is surely the best of all those who decide. I am verily with you, not with your enemy. I am one of those who believe in you and believe in your Return. I also one of those who deny your opposites and killers. Allah may kill the group who killed you with hands and tongues (by giving orders of killing you.)\r\n\r\nYou should then enter, throw yourself on the tomb, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O righteous servant (of Allah) and obedient to Allah, to His Messenger, to the Commander of the Faithful, to al-Hasan, and to al-Husayn, peace and greetings of Allah be upon them. Peace, Allah’s mercy, blessings, forgiveness, and gratifications be upon you, your soul, and your body. I testify, and call Allah to witness, that you abided by the same course that was taken by the warriors of (the battle of) Badr and the strivers for Allah’s sake who sincerely served Him in the battlefields against His enemies, did their bests for supporting His disciples, and defended His intimate ones. So, Allah may reward you the best, the maximum, the most abundant, and the most conclusive reward that He may give to any one who fulfills his homage, answers the call (of the religion), and obeys his (divinely elected) leaders. I testify that you acted extremely sincerely and exerted all your efforts (in this regard). Allah may attach you to the martyrs, add your soul to the souls of the happy ones, give you the largest abode in His Paradise and the most handsome room, exalt your mention in 'Illiyyln (the most elevated position), and join you to the Prophets, the veracious ones, the martyrs, and the righteous ones. Very excellent is the companionship of such ones. I testify that you did not lag behind and did not turn away the face, and that you left this life with full awareness of the truth, following the examples of the righteous ones and sticking to the Prophets. So, Allah may gather us with you, with His Messenger, and with His disciples in the abodes of those who practiced humbly (with their Lord). He is certainly the most merciful of all the merciful ones.\r\n\r\nIt is expedient to say this form of ziyarah while standing behind the holy tomb and facing the kiblah direction, as is also advised by Shaykh alTusi in his book of Tahdhib alAhkam.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter, throw yourself on the tomb, and say the following words while facing the kiblah direction:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O righteous servant (of Allah).\r\n\r\nAccording to the previously mentioned narration, the ziyarah of al’Abbas ends here. But Sayyid Ibn Tawus and Shaykh alMufid, as well as other scholars, have added the following:\r\n\r\nYou may then turn to the side of the head and offer a twounit prayer. Afterwards, you may offer prayers as many as you wish. You may also supplicate Almighty Allah earnestly. After these prayers, you may say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and do not leave for me, in this honored place and glorified shrine, any sin that I did but that You forgive it, any care but that You relieve it, any illness but that You cure it, any defect buth that You cover up, any source of sustenance but that You expand it, any item of terror but that You pacify it, any disunity but that You reunify it, any absent one but that You guard it and approach (him to me), and any single need, among the many needs for this life as well as the life to come whose settlement achieves your gratification and my good, but that You grant it. O He Who is the most merciful of all the merciful ones!\r\n\r\nYou may then return to the tomb, stop at the side of the legs, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Abu’l-Fadl al-'Abbas the son of the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O son of the chief of the successors (of the Prophets). Peace be upon you, O son of the foremost to Islam, the first to believe, the best to have served the religion of Allah, and the most careful for Islam. I bear witness that you served Allah, His Messenger, and your brother sincerely. You were the most excellent self-sacrificing brother. So, Allah’s curse be on the group who killed you. Allah’s curse be on the group who wronged you. Allah’s curse be on the group who violated your sanctities and infringed the sanctity of Islam. You were the most excellent steadfast fighter, protector, supporter, and brother who defended his brother, responded to the obedience to his Lord, and worked desirably for gaining the abundant reward, which others refused, and the nice tribute. So, Allah may attach you to the rank of your fathers in the gardens of bliss. O Allah, I have done the pilgrimage to Your disciples out of my desire for (winning) your reward and my wish for Your forgiveness and Your abundant benevolence. So, I implore You to send Your blessings upon Muhammad and his immaculate Household and to make my sustenance flow copiously in their names, my living delightful in their names, my pilgrimage rewardable in their names, and my life pleasant in their names, to make me take to the conduct of the honored ones, to make me one of those who, as returning from the pilgrimage to the tombs of Your beloved ones, win success and prosperity and deserve forgiveness of sins, covering up of defects, and relief of disasters. You are surely worthy of being feared and worthy of forgiving.\r\n\r\nIf you intend to take leave, you may approach the holy tomb and say the following words, which has been reported from AbuHamzah alThumali and have been mentioned by other scholars:\r\n\r\nI entrust you with Allah, beseech Him to keep you under His guard, and invoke peace upon you. We have believed in Allah, in His Messenger, in His Book, and in that which he conveyed from Allah. O Allah, record our names with the witnesses. O Allah, do not decide this pilgrimage to the tomb of the son of Your Messenger’s brother to be the last one of mine. Peace be upon him (i.e. the Messenger) and upon his Household. Grant me opportunities to visit him so long as You keep me alive, join me to him and to his fathers in the gardens of Paradise, and introduce me to him, to Your Messenger, and to Your disciples. O Allah, send Your blessings to Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and take me to You while I am abiding by the believing in You, giving credence to Your Messenger, being faithful to ‘Ali the son of Abu-Talib and the Imams from his progeny, and disavowing their enemy. My Lord, I have accepted such. Allah may send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad.\r\n\r\nYou may then pray Almighty Allah for yourself, your parents, your brethreninfaith, and for Muslims. You may choose any statement of supplication you like."
}