{
    "content": "Twentieth: Sayyid Ibn Tawus says that it is recommended for those who intend to leave the holy shrine of Imam al-Husayn (‘a) after they have accomplished visiting his tomb to throw themselves on the tomb, kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفْوَةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَالِصَةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا قَتِيْلَ الظَّمَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا غَرِيْبَ الْغُرَبَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ سَلَامَ مُوَدِّعٍ لَا سَئِمٍ وَ لَا قَالٍ فَاِنْ اَمْضِ فَلَا عَنْ مَلَالَةٍ وَ اِنْ اُقِمْ فَلَا عَنْ سُوۤءِ ظَنٍّ بِمَا وَعَدَ اللّٰهُ الصَّابِرِيْنَ لَا جَعَلَهُ اللّٰهُ اٰخِرَ الْعَهْدِ مِنِّيْ لِزِيَارَتِكَ وَ رَزَقَنِيَ اللّٰهُ الْعَوْدَ اِلٰى مَشْهَدِكَ وَ الْمَقَامَ بِفِنَاۤئِكَ وَ الْقِيَامَ فِيْ حَرَمِكَ وَ اِيَّاهُ اَسْاَلُ اَنْ يُسْعِدَنِيْ بِكُمْ وَ يَجْعَلَنِيْ مَعَكُمْ فِيْ الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Twentieth: Sayyid Ibn Tawus says that it is recommended for those who intend to leave the holy shrine of Imam alHusayn (‘a) after they have accomplished visiting his tomb to throw themselves on the tomb, kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O my master. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s Argument (against His creatures). Peace be upon you, O Allah’s choice. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s select. Peace be upon you, O victim of thirst. Peace be upon you, O strangest of all strangers. Peace be upon you; this is the greeting of one who has to bid farewell to you although he is neither bored with you nor tired of you. If I leave (you), this is not because of weariness; and if I reside, this is not because of mistrusting the promise that Allah has made for the serene ones. May Allah not decide this time of my visit to be the last. May He endue me with more chances to return to your shrine, to reside in your courtyard, and to stay in your sanctuary. To Him do I pray to make me delightful with you and to include me with you in this world and in the Hereafter."
}