{
    "content": "In his book of Misbah al-Za’ir, Sayyid Ibn Tawus has mentioned four forms of ziyarah of Salman. However, I will mention the first form only, which has been also recorded by Shaykh al-Tusi in Tahdhib al-Ahkam. In my book of Hadiyyat al-Za’ir, I have mentioned the fourth form.\r\n\r\nWhen you intend to visit Salman, you may stop at his tomb, direct your face towards the kiblah direction, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى رَسُولِ اللّٰهِ مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰىۤ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاَئِمَّةِ الْمَعْصُوْمِيْنَ الرَّاشِدِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمَلَاۤئِكَةِ الْمُقَرَّبِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَاحِبَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ الْاَمِيْنِ [الْاَمِيْنَ‏] اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُوْدَعَ اَسْرَارِ السَّادَةِ الْمَيَامِيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا بَقِيَّةَ اللّٰهِ مِنَ الْبَرَرَةِ الْمَاضِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ اَطَعْتَ اللّٰهَ كَمَاۤ اَمَرَكَ وَ اتَّبَعْتَ الرَّسُوْلَ كَمَا نَدَبَكَ وَ تَوَلَّيْتَ خَلِيْفَتَهُ كَمَاۤ اَلْزَمَكَ وَ دَعَوْتَ اِلَى الْاِهْتِمَامِ بِذُرِّيَّتِهِ كَمَا وَقَفَكَ [وَفَّقَكَ‏]، وَ عَلِمْتَ الْحَقَّ يَقِيْنًا وَ اعْتَمَدْتَهُ كَمَاۤ اَمَرَكَ [وَ] اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ بَابُ وَصِيِّ الْمُصْطَفٰى وَ طَرِيْقُ حُجَّةِ اللّٰهِ الْمُرْتَضٰى وَ اَمِيْنُ اللّٰهِ فِيْمَا اسْتُوْدِعْتَ مِنْ عُلُوْمِ الْاَصْفِيَاۤءِ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ مِنْ اَهْلِ بَيْتِ النَّبِيِّ النُّجَبَاۤءِ الْمُخْتَارِيْنَ لِنُصْرَةِ الْوَصِيِّ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ صَاحِبُ الْعَاشِرَةِ وَ الْبَرَاهِيْنِ وَ الدَّلَاۤئِلِ الْقَاهِرَةِ وَ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ اَدَّيْتَ الْاَمَانَةَ وَ نَصَحْتَ لِلّٰهِ وَ لِرَسُوْلِهِ وَ صَبَرْتَ عَلَى الْاَذٰى فِيْ جَنْبِهِ حَتّٰىۤ اَتَاكَ الْيَقِيْنُ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ جَحَدَكَ حَقَّكَ وَ حَطَّ مِنْ قَدْرِكَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ اٰذَاكَ فِي مَوَالِيْكَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ اَعْنَتَكَ فِيۤ اَهْلِ بَيْتِكَ [نَبِيِّكَ‏] لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ لَامَكَ فِيْ سَادَاتِكَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ عَدُوَّ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ مِنَ الْجِنِّ وَ الْاِنْسِ مِنَ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ ضَاعَفَ عَلَيْهِمُ الْعَذَابَ الْاَلِيمَ، صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَاحِبَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَىۤ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى رُوْحِكَ الطَّيِّبَةِ وَ جَسَدِكَ الطَّاهِرِ وَ اَلْحَقَنَا بِمَنِّهِ وَ رَأْفَتِهِ اِذَا تَوَفَّانَا بِكَ وَ بِمَحَلِّ السَّادَةِ الْمَيَامِيْنِ وَ جَمَعَنَا مَعَهُمْ بِجِوَارِهِمْ فِيْ جَنَّاتِ النَّعِيْمِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ‏ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى اِخْوَانِكَ الشِّيْعَةِ الْبَرَرَةِ مِنَ السَّلَفِ الْمَيَامِيْنِ وَ اَدْخَلَ الرُّوْحَ وَ الرِّضْوَانَ عَلَى الْخَلَفِ مِنَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ اَلْحَقَنَا وَ اِيَّاهُمْ بِمَنْ تَوَلَّاهُ مِنَ الْعِتْرَةِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلَيْهِمُ السَّلَامُ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then repeat Surah al-Qadr (No. 97) seven times and then offer any voluntary prayer you wish.\r\n\r\nWhen you decide to leave, you may stop at the tomb to bid farewell farewell to him. You may now say the following words, which Sayyid Ibn Tawus mentioned at the end of the fourth form of ziyarah of Salman:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ اَنْتَ بَابُ اللّٰهِ الْمُؤْتٰى مِنْهُ وَ الْمَأْخُوْذُ عَنْهُ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قُلْتَ حَقًّا وَ نَطَقْتَ صِدْقًا وَ دَعَوْتَ اِلٰى مَوْلَايَ وَ مَوْلَاكَ عَلَانِيَةً وَ سِرًّا اَتَيْتُكَ زَاۤئِرًا وَ حَاجَاتِيْ لَكَ مُسْتَوْدِعًا وَ هَاۤ اَنَا ذَا مُوَدِّعُكَ اَسْتَوْدِعُكَ دِيْنِيْ وَ اَمَانَتِيْ وَ خَوَاتِيْمَ عَمَلِيْ وَ جَوَامِعَ اَمَلِيۤ اِلٰى مُنْتَهٰىۤ اَجَلِيْ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الْاَخْيَارِ۔--You may then say as many prayers as you can and leave.\r\n\r\nAfter accomplishment of ziyarah of Salman, there remain two more duties to be carried out by a visitor:", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "In his book of Misbah alZa’ir, Sayyid Ibn Tawus has mentioned four forms of ziyarah of Salman. However, I will mention the first form only, which has been also recorded by Shaykh alTusi in Tahdhib alAhkam. In my book of Hadiyyat alZa’ir, I have mentioned the fourth form.\r\n\r\nWhen you intend to visit Salman, you may stop at his tomb, direct your face towards the kiblah direction, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon the Messenger of Allah Muhammad the son 'Abdullah, the Seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon the Commander of the Faithful, the chief of the Prophet’s successors. Peace be upon the Imams; the infallible and rightly guided. Peace be upon the archangels. Peace be upon you, O faithful companion of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O loyalist to the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon you, O trusted with the secrets of the blessed chiefs. Peace be upon you, O he whom Allah has left from the past dutiful ones. Peace be upon you, O Abu-'Abdullah. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. I bear witness that you obeyed Allah as exactly as He ordered you to do, followed the Messenger as exactly as He directed you to do, acted loyally to his vicegerent as exactly as He bound you to do, called for having care of his offspring as exactly as He used you for, and had full acquaintance with the truth and thus you rested upon it as exactly as He ordered you to do. I also bear witness that you are the door to the successor of the Chosen Prophet, the path to the well-pleased argument of Allah, and the trustee of Allah in the knowledge of the Elite Ones with which He entrusted you. I bear witness that you belong to the outstanding members of the Prophet’s family and you are one of those chosen for supporting the Successor. I bear witness that you attained the tenth rank (of faith), you were given the subduing proofs and demonstrations, you performed the prayer, defrayed the poor-rate, enjoined the right, forbade the wrong, fulfilled the trust, acted sincerely for Allah and His Messenger, and endured harm for His sake until death came upon you. May Allah curse those who denied your precedence and belittled your status. May Allah curse those who injured you when they harmed your chiefs. May Allah curse those who caused you distress when they harmed the Household of your Prophet. May Allah curse those who blamed you for your having followed your chiefs. May Allah curse the enemy of Muhammad’s Family from the jinn and men and from the past and the last generations. May Allah multiply for them the painful chastisement. May Allah bless you, O Abu-'Abdullah. May Allah bless you, O companion of Allah’s Messenger. May Allah bless him, his Household, and you, O follower of the Commander of the Faithful. May Allah bless your immaculate soul and pure body, and may He, out of His favoring and kindness, join us, when He grasps our souls, with you and with the position of the blessed chiefs, and may He gather us in their vicinity in the gardens of bliss. May Allah bless you, O Abu-'Abdullah. May Allah also bless your brothers the dutiful partisans from the blessed bygone generation. May He insert bliss and pleasure to the believers from the succeeding generations and may He add them and us to the immaculate progeny to whom we have shown loyalty. Upon you and them be peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings.\r\n\r\nYou may then repeat Surah alQadr (No. 97) seven times and then offer any voluntary prayer you wish.\r\n\r\nWhen you decide to leave, you may stop at the tomb to bid farewell farewell to him. You may now say the following words, which Sayyid Ibn Tawus mentioned at the end of the fourth form of ziyarah of Salman:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Abu-'Abdullah. You are the door to Allah from which He is reached and what He has is received. I bear witness that you have said the truth, spoken honestly, and called to my and your master openly and in secret. I have come to you, visiting you and entrusting with you all my needs. Here I am bidding farewell to you. I thus entrust with you my faith, trust, the seals of my deeds, and my entire hope up to the end of my lifetime. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. May Allah bless Muhammad and his Household, the virtuous.\r\n\r\nYou may then say as many prayers as you can and leave.\r\n\r\nAfter accomplishment of ziyarah of Salman, there remain two more duties to be carried out by a visitor:"
}