{
    "content": "ZIYARAH ON THE HOLY PROPHET'S BIRTHDAY\r\n\r\nAl-Shahid, Shaykh a-Mufid, and Sayyid Ibn Tawus - all those have reported that Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) visited the holy tomb of Imam ‘Ali Amir al-Mu’minin (‘a) on the seventeenth of Rabi’ al-Awwal, which is the birthday of the Holy Prophet (s), with the following form of ziyarah:\r\n\r\nTeaching the lofty, trustworthy scholar Muhammad ibn Muslim al-Thaqafi, Imam al-Sadiq (‘a) said:\r\n\r\nWhen you approach the holy shrine of Amir al-Mu’minin (‘a), you may first wash yourself before visiting, put on the cleanest of your clothes, use a perfume, and walk towards the shrine with gravity and tranquility. When you stop at the door of peace (bab al-salam), which is the gate of the holy shrine, you may face the kiblah direction and repeat the following statement three times:\r\n\r\n--اَللهُ اَكْبَرُ--You may then say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى خِيَرَةِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْبَشِيْرِ النَّذِيْرِ السِّرَاجِ الْمُنِيْرِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الطُّهْرِ الطَّاهِرِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْعَلَمِ الزَّاهِرِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمَنْصُوْرِ الْمُؤَيَّدِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَبِي الْقَاسِمِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَنْبِيَاۤءِ اللّٰهِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ وَ عِبَادِ اللّٰهِ الصَّالِحِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مَلَاۤئِكَةِ اللّٰهِ الْحَآفِّيْنَ بِهٰذَا الْحَرَمِ وَ بِهٰذَا الضَّرِيْحِ اللَّاۤئِذِيْنَ بِهِ۔--You may then approach the tomb and say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَصِيَّ الْاَوْصِيَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عِمَادَ الْاَتْقِيَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ الْاَوْلِيَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَيِّدَ الشُّهَدَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اٰيَةَ اللّٰهِ الْعُظْمٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَامِسَ اَهْلِ الْعَبَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا قَاۤئِدَ الْغُرِّ الْمُحَجَّلِيْنَ الْاَتْقِيَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عِصْمَةَ الْاَوْلِيَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا زَيْنَ الْمُوَحِّدِيْنَ النُّجَبَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَالِصَ الْاَخِلَّاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَالِدَ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْاُمَنَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَاحِبَ الْحَوْضِ وَ حَامِلَ اللِّوَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا قَسِيْمَ الْجَنَّةِ وَ لَظٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ شُرِّفَتْ بِهِ مَكَّةُ وَ مِنٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا بَحْرَ الْعُلُوْمِ وَ كَنَفَ--[كَهْفَ‏] الْفُقَرَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ وُلِدَ فِي الْكَعْبَةِ وَ زُوِّجَ فِي السَّمَاۤءِ بِسَيِّدَةِ النِّسَاۤءِ، وَ كَانَ شُهُوْدُهَا الْمَلَاۤئِكَةَ الْاَصْفِيَاۤءَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مِصْبَاحَ الضِّيَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ خَصَّهُ النَّبِيُّ بِجَزِيْلِ الْحِبَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ بَاتَ عَلٰى فِرَاشِ خَاتَمِ الْاَنْبِيَاۤءِ وَ وَقَاهُ بِنَفْسِهِ شَرَّ الْاَعْدَاۤءِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ رُدَّتْ لَهُ الشَّمْسُ فَسَامٰى شَمْعُوْنَ الصَّفَا اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ اَنْجَى اللّٰهُ سَفِيْنَةَ نُوْحٍ بِاسْمِهِ وَ اسْمِ اَخِيْهِ حَيْثُ الْتَطَمَ الْمَاۤءُ حَوْلَهَا وَ طَمٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ تَابَ اللّٰهُ بِهِ وَ بِاَخِيْهِ عَلٰى اٰدَمَ اِذْ غَوٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا فُلْكَ النَّجَاةِ الَّذِيْ مَنْ رَكِبَهُ نَجَا وَ مَنْ تَاَخَّرَ عَنْهُ هَوٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ خَاطَبَ الثُّعْبَانَ وَ ذِئْبَ الْفَلَا اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَمِيْرَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ عَلٰى مَنْ كَفَرَ وَ اَنَابَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اِمَامَ ذَوِي الْاَلْبَابِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَعْدِنَ الْحِكْمَةِ وَ فَصْلَ الْخِطَابِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ عِنْدَهُ عِلْمُ الْكِتَابِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مِيْزَانَ يَوْمِ الْحِسَابِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا فَاصِلَ الْحُكْمِ النَّاطِقَ بِالصَّوَابِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْمُتَصَدِّقُ بِالْخَاتَمِ فِي الْمِحْرَابِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ كَفَى اللّٰهُ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ الْقِتَالَ بِهِ يَوْمَ الْاَحْزَابِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ اَخْلَصَ لِلّٰهِ الْوَحْدَانِيَّةَ وَ اَنَابَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا قَاتِلَ خَيْبَرَ وَ قَالِعَ الْبَابِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ دَعَاهُ خَيْرُ الْاَنَامِ لِلْمَبِيْتِ عَلٰى فِرَاشِهِ فَاَسْلَمَ نَفْسَهُ لِلْمَنِيَّةِ وَ اَجَابَ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ لَهُ طُوْبٰى وَ حُسْنُ مَاٰبٍ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ عِصْمَةِ الدِّيْنِ وَ يَا سَيِّدَ السَّادَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَاحِبَ الْمُعْجِزَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ نَزَلَتْ فِي فَضْلِهِ سُوْرَةُ الْعَادِيَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ كُتِبَ اسْمُهُ فِي السَّمَاۤءِ عَلَى السُّرَادِقَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُظْهِرَ الْعَجَاۤئِبِ وَ الْاٰيَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اَمِيْرَ الْغَزَوَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُخْبِرًا بِمَا غَبَرَ وَ بِمَا هُوَاٰتٍ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُخَاطِبَ ذِئْبِ الْفَلَوَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَاتِمَ الْحَصٰى وَ مُبَيِّنَ الْمُشْكِلَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ عَجِبَتْ مِنْ حَمَلَاتِهِ فِي الْوَغٰى مَلَاۤئِكَةُ السَّمَاوَاتِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ نَاجَى الرَّسُوْلَ فَقَدَّمَ بَيْنَ يَدَيْ نَجْوَاهُ الصَّدَقَاتِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَالِدَ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْبَرَرَةِ السَّادَاتِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا تَالِيَ الْمَبْعُوْثِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ عِلْمِ خَيْرِ مَوْرُوْثٍ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَيِّدَ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ [الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ‏] اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا اِمَامَ الْمُتَّقِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا غِيَاثَ الْمَكْرُوْبِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عِصْمَةَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مُظْهِرَ الْبَرَاهِيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا طٰهٰ وَ يٰسٓ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَبْلَ اللّٰهِ الْمَتِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَنْ تَصَدَّقَ فِي صَلَاتِهِ بِخَاتَمِهِ عَلَى الْمِسْكِيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا قَالِعَ الصَّخْرَةِ عَنْ فَمِ الْقَلِيبِ وَ مُظْهِرَ الْمَاۤءِ الْمَعِيْنِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَيْنَ اللّٰهِ النَّاظِرَةَ وَ يَدَهُ الْبَاسِطَةَ وَ لِسَانَهُ الْمُعَبِّرَ عَنْهُ فِيْ بَرِيَّتِهِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَارِثَ عِلْمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ مُسْتَوْدَعَ عِلْمِ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ وَ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ وَ صَاحِبَ لِوَاۤءِ الْحَمْدِ وَ سَاقِيَ اَوْلِيَاۤئِهِ مِنْ حَوْضِ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا يَعْسُوْبَ الدِّيْنِ وَ قَاۤئِدَ الْغُرِّ الْمُحَجَّلِيْنَ وَ وَالِدَ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْمَرْضِيِّيْنَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى اسْمِ اللّٰهِ الرَّضِيِّ وَ وَجْهِهِ الْمُضِيۤءِ وَ جَنْبِهِ الْقَوِيِّ وَ صِرَاطِهِ السَّوِيِّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاِمَامِ التَّقِيِّ الْمُخْلِصِ الصَّفِيِّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْكَوْكَبِ الدُّرِيِّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْاِمَامِ اَبِي الْحَسَنِ عَلِيٍّ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى اَئِمَّةِ الْهُدٰى وَ مَصَابِيْحِ الدُّجٰى وَ اَعْلَامِ التُّقٰى وَ مَنَارِ الْهُدٰى وَ ذَوِي النُّهٰى وَ كَهْفِ الْوَرٰى وَ الْعُرْوَةِ الْوُثْقٰى وَ الْحُجَّةِ عَلٰىۤ اَهْلِ الدُّنْيَا وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى نُوْرِ الْاَنْوَارِ، وَ حُجَّةِ الْجَبَّارِ وَ وَالِدِ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْاَطْهَارِ وَ قَسِيْمِ الْجَنَّةِ وَ النَّارِ الْمُخْبِرِ عَنِ الْاٰثَارِ الْمُدَمِّرِ عَلَى الْكُفَّارِ مُسْتَنْقِذِ الشِّيْعَةِ الْمُخْلِصِيْنَ مِنْ عَظِيْمِ الْاَوْزَارِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمَخْصُوْصِ بِالطَّاهِرَةِ التَّقِيَّةِ ابْنَةِ الْمُخْتَارِ الْمَوْلُوْدِ فِي الْبَيْتِ ذِي الْاَسْتَارِ الْمُزَوَّجِ فِي السَّمَاۤءِ بِالْبَرَّةِ الطَّاهِرَةِ الرَّضِيَّةِ الْمَرْضِيَّةِ وَالِدَةِ الْاَئِمَّةِ الْاَطْهَارِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى النَّبَاِ الْعَظِيْمِ الَّذِيْ هُمْ فِيْهِ مُخْتَلِفُوْنَ وَ عَلَيْهِ يُعْرَضُوْنَ وَ عَنْهُ يُسْاَلُوْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى نُوْرِ اللّٰهِ الْاَنْوَرِ وَ ضِيَاۤئِهِ الْاَزْهَرِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ وَ حُجَّتَهُ وَ خَالِصَةَ اللّٰهِ وَ خَآصَّتَهُ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ [وَ حُجَّتَهُ‏] لَقَدْ جَاهَدْتَ فِي سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ حَقَّ جِهَادِهِ، وَ اتَّبَعْتَ مِنْهَاجَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ حَلَّلْتَ حَلَالَ اللّٰهِ وَ حَرَّمْتَ حَرَامَ اللّٰهِ وَ شَرَعْتَ اَحْكَامَهُ وَ اَقَمْتَ الصَّلَاةَ وَ اٰتَيْتَ الزَّكَاةَ وَ اَمَرْتَ بِالْمَعْرُوْفِ وَ نَهَيْتَ عَنِ الْمُنْكَرِ وَ جَاهَدْتَ فِيْ سَبِيْلِ اللّٰهِ صَابِرًا نَاصِحًا مُجْتَهِدًا مُحْتَسِبًا عِنْدَ اللّٰهِ عَظِيْمَ الْاَجْرِ حَتّٰى اَتَاكَ الْيَقِيْنُ فَلَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ دَفَعَكَ عَنْ حَقِّكَ وَ اَزَالَكَ عَنْ مَقَامِكَ وَ لَعَنَ اللّٰهُ مَنْ بَلَغَهُ ذٰلِكَ فَرَضِيَ بِهِ اُشْهِدُ اللّٰهَ وَ مَلَاۤئِكَتَهُ وَ اَنْبِيَاۤءَهُ وَ رُسُلَهُ اَنِّيْ وَلِيٌّ لِمَنْ وَالَاكَ وَ عَدُوٌّ لِمَنْ عَادَاكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then throw yourself on the tomb, kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ تَسْمَعُ كَلَامِيْ وَ تَشْهَدُ مَقَامِيْ وَ اَشْهَدُ لَكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ بِالْبَلَاغِ وَ الْاَدَاۤءِ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ يَا اَمِيْنَ اللّٰهِ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ اِنَّ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَ اللّٰهِ عَزَّ وَ جَلَّ ذُنُوْبًا قَدْ اَثْقَلَتْ ظَهْرِيْ وَ مَنَعَتْنِيْ مِنَ الرُّقَادِ وَ ذِكْرُهَا يُقَلْقِلُ اَحْشَاۤئِيْ وَ قَدْ هَرَبْتُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ عَزَّ وَ جَلَّ وَ اِلَيْكَ فَبِحَقِّ مَنِ ائْتَمَنَكَ عَلٰى سِرِّهِ وَ اسْتَرْعَاكَ اَمْرَ خَلْقِهِ وَ قَرَنَ طَاعَتَكَ بِطَاعَتِهِ وَ مُوَالَاتَكَ بِمُوَالَاتِهِ كُنْ اِلَى اللّٰهِ شَفِيْعًا وَ مِنَ النَّارِ مُجِيْرًا وَ عَلَى الدَّهْرِ ظَهِيْرًا۔--You may then throw yourself on the tomb again, kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ يَا بَابَ حِطَّةِ اللّٰهِ وَلِيُّكَ وَ زَاۤئِرُكَ وَ اللَّاۤئِذُ بِقَبْرِكَ وَ النَّازِلُ بِفِنَاۤئِكَ وَ الْمُنِيْخُ رَحْلَهُ فِيْ جِوَارِكَ يَسْاَلُكَ اَنْ تَشْفَعَ لَهُ اِلَى اللّٰهِ فِي قَضَاۤءِ حَاجَتِهِ وَ نُجْحِ طَلِبَتِهِ فِي الدُّنْيَا وَ الْاٰخِرَةِ فَاِنَّ لَكَ عِنْدَ اللّٰهِ الْجَاهَ الْعَظِيْمَ وَ الشَّفَاعَةَ الْمَقْبُوْلَةَ فَاجْعَلْنِيْ يَا مَوْلَايَ مِنْ هَمِّكَ وَ اَدْخِلْنِيْ فِي حِزْبِكَ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى ضَجِيْعَيْكَ اٰدَمَ وَ نُوْحٍ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰى وَلَدَيْكَ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ وَ عَلَى الْاَئِمَّةِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ مِنْ ذُرِّيَّتِكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ ۔--You may then offer a six-unit prayer of ziyarah; two for visiting Amir al-Mu’minin (‘a), two for visiting Prophet Adam (‘a), and two for visiting Prophet Noah (‘a). You may also supplicate Almighty Allah as earnestly as possible, for your prayers are responded at this place, Allah willing.\r\n\r\nThe author of al-Mazar al-Kabir says that this form of ziyarah is dedicated to the seventeenth day (of Rabi’ al-Awwal) at sunrise. Commenting on this form of ziyarah, ‘Allamah al-Majlisi says that it is one of the most favorable formulas that has been reported through authoritative chains of authority and has been written down in authentic reference books. According to some narrations that reported this form, it is not dedicated to this day; therefore, it is recommended to visit the holy tomb of Imam ‘Ali (‘a) with this form of ziyarah at any time.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "ZIYARAH ON THE HOLY PROPHET'S BIRTHDAY\r\n\r\nAlShahid, Shaykh aMufid, and Sayyid Ibn Tawus  all those have reported that Imam alSadiq (‘a) visited the holy tomb of Imam ‘Ali Amir alMu’minin (‘a) on the seventeenth of Rabi’ alAwwal, which is the birthday of the Holy Prophet (s), with the following form of ziyarah:\r\n\r\nTeaching the lofty, trustworthy scholar Muhammad ibn Muslim alThaqafi, Imam alSadiq (‘a) said:\r\n\r\nWhen you approach the holy shrine of Amir alMu’minin (‘a), you may first wash yourself before visiting, put on the cleanest of your clothes, use a perfume, and walk towards the shrine with gravity and tranquility. When you stop at the door of peace (bab alsalam), which is the gate of the holy shrine, you may face the kiblah direction and repeat the following statement three times:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon the Messenger of Allah. Peace be upon the elite select of Allah. Peace be upon the bearer of glad tidings, the warner (against Allah’s chastisement), and the shining lantern. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him. Peace be upon the pure, the immaculate. Peace be upon the luminous epitome. Peace be upon the one given victory and aid (by Almighty Allah). Peace be upon Abu’l-Qasim Muhammad. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him. Peace be upon the missioned Prophets of Allah and upon the righteous servants of Allah. Peace be upon the angels of Allah who surround this sanctuary and this tomb to which they are resorting.\r\n\r\nYou may then approach the tomb and say the following:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O successor of the Prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O reliance of the pious ones. Peace be upon you, O best saint among all saints. Peace be upon you, O master of martyrs. Peace be upon you, O grandest sign of Allah, Peace be upon you, O fifth of the People of the Cloak. Peace be upon you, O leader of the white-forehead, pious group Peace be upon you, O shelter of the saints. Peace be upon you, O adornment of the noble monotheists. Peace be upon you, O select of the best friends. Peace be upon you, O father of the trusted Imams. Peace be upon you, O director of the (Divine) pond and bearer of the Pennon. Peace be upon you, O decider of Paradise and Hellfire—the flaming. Peace be upon you, O one by whom Makkah and Mina have been honored. Peace be upon you, O ocean of knowledge and haven of the poor. Peace be upon you, O one who was born in the Ka'bah, married in the heavens to the Doyenne of Women; and the witnesses were the elite angels. Peace be upon you, O lantern of light. Peace be upon you, O one whom was exclusively awarded abundant favors by the Prophet. Peace be upon you, O one who replaced the Seal of the Prophets in his bed and protected him with his soul against the evil of the enemies. Peace be upon you, O one to whom the sun was returned and he thus became the match of Sham ١un al-Safa (Simon the Zealot). Peace be upon you, O one in whose name and in the name of whose brother, Allah saved the Ark of Noah when the waves of water collided and clashed around it. Peace be upon you, O one in whose name and in the name of whose brother, Allah accepted the repentance of Adam after he had allowed himself to be seduced. Peace be upon you, O ark of redemption; he who embarks on it will have saved himself (from perdition), but he who leaves it will have perished. Peace be upon you, O he who spoke to a serpent and to a wolf in the desert. Peace be upon you, O commander of the faithful. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. Peace be upon you, O argument of Allah against both those who disbelieved and those who believed. Peace be upon you, O chief of people of understanding. Peace be upon you, O essence of.wisdom and clear Judgement. Peace be upon you, O one having the knowledge of the Books. Peace be upon you, O criterion on the Judgement Day. Peace be upon you, O solver of all quarrels and spokesman of truth. Peace be upon you, O he who gave his ring as alms while being in the prayer niche. Peace be upon you, O he through whom Allah sufficed the believers in fighting on the Battle of al-Ahzab (the Allies). Peace be upon you, O he who worshipped Allah alone with sincerity and always turned to Him. Peace be upon you, O warrior of Khaybar and plucker of the gate (of the fortress). Peace be upon you, O one who, when the Best of Creatures (i.e. the Prophet) ordered him to spend that night at his place instead of him, submitted to death and responded. Peace be upon you, O he to whom is Tuba (bliss) and goodly return are decided. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. Peace be upon you, O director of the safety of the religion and chief of the chiefs. Peace be upon you, O owner of miracles. Peace be upon you, O he about whose merits Surah al-'Adiyat was revealed. Peace be upon you, O he whose name is written in the heavens on the canopies (of the Divine Throne). Peace be upon you, O manifester of marvels and signs. Peace be upon you, O commander in campaigns. Peace be upon you, O he who accounted the bygone and predicted the future. Peace be upon you, O speaker to a wolf in the desert. Peace be upon you, O reckoner of pebbles and expounder of problems. Peace be upon you, O he whose attacks in battlefields astonished the angels in the heavens. Peace be upon you, O he who offered something in charity when he talked confidentially with the Messenger. Peace be upon you, O father of the Imams, the virtuous masters. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. Peace be upon you, O one coming immediately after the Messenger. Peace be upon you, O inheritor of the knowledge of the most favorable inherited being. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. Peace be upon you, O chief of the Prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O head of the pious ones. Peace be upon you, O aid of the aggrieved ones. Peace be upon you, O shelter of the believers. Peace be upon you, O provider of evidences. Peace be upon you, O Ta-Ha and Ya-Sin. Peace be upon you, O firm rope (taking) to Allah. Peace be upon you, O he who gave his ring as alms, while he was offering prayer, to a poor. Peace be upon you, O he who removed the rock from the open of the well, and he thus caused the pure water to flow. Peace be upon you, O observing eye of Allah, His extended Hand, and His spokesman who conveys His affairs to all of His created beings. Peace be upon you, O heir of the Prophets’ knowledge, keeper of the knowledge of the past and coming generations, bearer of the Pennon of Praise {liwa’alii am d), and one who shall serve his adherents with water from the (Divine) Pond of the Seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O head of the religion, leader of the white-forehead group, and father of the well-pleased Imams. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. Peace be upon the pleased name of Allah, His radiant Face, His strong Side, and His straight Path. Peace be upon the pious Imam, the select and elite. Peace be upon the brightly shining star. Peace be upon the Imam Abu’l-Hasan ‘Ali. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him. Peace be upon the leaders to true guidance, the lanterns in murk, the epitomes of piety, the lights of true guidance, and owners of thought, the havens of people, the firmest handles, and the arguments against the inhabitants of this world. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon them. Peace be upon the light of lights, the argument of the Omnipotent Lord, the father of the immaculate Imams, the decider of Paradise and Hellfire, the narrator of past events, the destroyer of the unbelievers, and the savior of the faithful Shl'ah from their grand sins. Peace be upon the one married to the pure, pious daughter of the Chosen Prophet, the one born in the House of curtains, the one married in the heavens to the reverent, immaculate, content, and well-pleased lady— the mother of the immaculate Imams. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him. Peace be upon the Great News, about whom they differ, before whom they shall be stood, and about whom they shall be asked. Peace be upon the most shining light of Allah and the most luminous brightness of Him. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon him. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s friend and argument and Allah’s select and choice. I bear witness that you, being Allah’s friend and argument, strove in Allah’s way in the most appropriate way, followed the course of Allah’s Messenger, peace be upon him and his Household, enjoined that which Allah has deemed lawful, forbade that which Allah has deemed unlawful, carried out His laws, offered the prayers, paid the zakat, enjoined the right, forbade the wrong, and strove in Allah’s way with steadfastness and well-wishing, and with painstakingness and with the intention of seeking the great reward of Allah until death came upon you. So, Allah’s curse be upon those who deprived you of your right and upon those who took you away from your position. Allah’s curse be upon every one who, when informed about this, accepted it. I call Allah, His angels, His Prophets, and His Messengers to witness for me that I am the friend of him who is loyal to you and the enemy of him who antagonizes you. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then throw yourself on the tomb, kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nI bear witness that you can hear my words and see my place. And I testify to you, O Allah’s friend, that you conveyed and fulfilled. O my master! O Allah’s argument! O Allah’s trustee! O Allah’s friend! Between me and Allah, to Whom all might and majesty belong, there are sins that have overburdened my back and deprived me of sleep; whenever I remember them, even my insides shiver. I thus flee to Allah, to Whom all might and majesty belong, and to you. I beg you in the name of Him Who has entrusted you with His secrets, appointed you as the supervisor over the affairs of His creatures, matched the obedience to you to the obedience to Him, and matched the loyalty to you to the loyalty to Him that you may intercede for me before Allah, rescue me from Hellfire, and aid me against the vicissitudes of my time.\r\n\r\nYou may then throw yourself on the tomb again, kiss it, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah’s friend! O Allah’s argument! O Allah’s door of forgiveness! I, your adherent, visitor, seeker of refuge with your tomb, residing in your courtyard, staying in your vicinity, (I) beg you to intercede for me before Allah that He may grant my needs and may respond to my requests for this life as well as the life to come, because you enjoy an enormous position with Allah, as well as admitted right of intercession. So, O my master, include me with those for whom you care and include me with your party. Peace be upon you and upon your partners in place; Adam and Noah. Peace be upon you and upon your two sons; al-Hasan and al-Husayn, and upon the immaculate Imams from your progeny. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then offer a sixunit prayer of ziyarah; two for visiting Amir alMu’minin (‘a), two for visiting Prophet Adam (‘a), and two for visiting Prophet Noah (‘a). You may also supplicate Almighty Allah as earnestly as possible, for your prayers are responded at this place, Allah willing.\r\n\r\nThe author of alMazar alKabir says that this form of ziyarah is dedicated to the seventeenth day (of Rabi’ alAwwal) at sunrise. Commenting on this form of ziyarah, ‘Aliamah alMajlisi says that it is one of the most favorable formulas that has been reported through authoritative chains of authority and has been written down in authentic reference books. According to some narrations that reported this form, it is not dedicated to this day; therefore, it is recommended to visit the holy tomb of Imam ‘Ali (‘a) with this form of ziyarah at any time."
}