{
    "content": "The following form of ziyarah is quoted from the highly esteemed reference books:\r\n\r\nYou may stop at the gate of the holy vault and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خَلِيْفَةَ اللّٰهِ وَ خَلِيْفَةَ اٰبَاۤئِهِ الْمَهْدِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَصِيَّ الْاَوْصِيَاۤءِ الْمَاضِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَافِظَ اَسْرَارِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا بَقِيَّةَ اللّٰهِ مِنَ الصَّفْوَةِ الْمُنْتَجَبِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْاَنْوَارِ الزَّاهِرَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْاَعْلَامِ الْبَاهِرَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْعِتْرَةِ الطَّاهِرَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَعْدِنَ الْعُلُوْمِ النَّبَوِيَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا بَابَ اللّٰهِ الَّذِيْ لَا يُؤْتٰى اِلَّا مِنْهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَبِيْلَ اللّٰهِ الَّذِيْ مَنْ سَلَكَ غَيْرَهُ هَلَكَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نَاظِرَ شَجَرَةِ طُوْبٰى وَ سِدْرَةِ الْمُنْتَهٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نُوْرَ اللّٰهِ الَّذِيْ لَا يُطْفٰىۤ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ الَّتِيْ لَا تَخْفٰىۤ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ اللّٰهِ عَلٰى مَنْ فِي الْاَرْضِ وَ السَّمَاۤءِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ سَلَامَ مَنْ عَرَفَكَ بِمَا عَرَّفَكَ بِهِ اللّٰهُ وَ نَعَتَكَ بِبَعْضِ نُعُوْتِكَ الَّتِيۤ اَنْتَ اَهْلُهَا وَ فَوْقَهَا اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ الْحُجَّةُ عَلٰى مَنْ مَضٰى وَ مَنْ بَقِيَ وَ اَنَّ حِزْبَكَ هُمُ الْغَالِبُوْنَ وَ اَوْلِيَاۤءَكَ هُمُ الْفَاۤئِزُوْنَ وَ اَعْدَاۤءَكَ هُمُ الْخَاسِرُوْنَ وَ اَنَّكَ خَازِنُ كُلِّ عِلْمٍ وَ فَاتِقُ كُلِّ رَتْقٍ وَ مُحَقِّقُ كُلِّ حَقٍّ وَ مُبْطِلُ كُلِّ بَاطِلٍ رَضِيْتُكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ اِمَامًا وَ هَادِيًا وَ وَلِيًّا وَ مُرْشِدًا لَاۤ اَبْتَغِيْ بِكَ بَدَلًا وَ لَاۤ اَتَّخِذُ مِنْ دُوْنِكَ وَلِيًّا اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ الْحَقُّ الثَّابِتُ الَّذِيْ لَا عَيْبَ فِيْهِ وَ اَنَّ وَعْدَ اللّٰهِ فِيْكَ حَقٌّ لَا اَرْتَابُ لِطُوْلِ الْغَيْبَةِ وَ بُعْدِ الْاَمَدِ وَ لَاۤ اَتَحَيَّرُ مَعَ مَنْ جَهِلَكَ وَ جَهِلَ بِكَ مُنْتَظِرٌ مُتَوَقِّعٌ لِاَيَّامِكَ وَ اَنْتَ الشَّافِعُ الَّذِيْ لَا يُنَازَعُ [تُنَازَعُ‏] وَ الْوَلِيُّ الَّذِيْ لَا يُدَافَعُ [تُدَافَعُ‏] ذَخَرَكَ اللّٰهُ لِنُصْرَةِ الدِّيْنِ وَ اِعْزَازِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْاِنْتِقَامِ مِنَ الْجَاحِدِيْنَ الْمَارِقِيْنَ۔ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ بِوِلَايَتِكَ تُقْبَلُ الْاَعْمَالُ وَ تُزَكَّى الْاَفْعَالُ وَ تُضَاعَفُ الْحَسَنَاتُ وَ تُمْحَى السَّيِّئَاتُ فَمَنْ جَاۤءَ بِوِلَايَتِكَ وَ اعْتَرَفَ بِاِمَامَتِكَ قُبِلَتْ اَعْمَالُهُ وَ صُدِّقَتْ اَقْوَالُهُ وَ تَضَاعَفَتْ حَسَنَاتُهُ وَ مُحِيَتْ سَيِّئَاتُهُ وَ مَنْ عَدَلَ عَنْ وِلَايَتِكَ وَ جَهِلَ مَعْرِفْتَكَ وَ اسْتَبْدَلَ بِكَ غَيْرَكَ كَبَّهُ اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مِنْخَرِهِ فِيْ النَّارِ وَ لَمْ يَقْبَلِ اللّٰهُ لَهُ عَمَلًا وَ لَمْ يُقِمْ لَهُ يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ وَزْنًا اُشْهِدُ اللّٰهَ وَ اُشْهِدُ مَلَاۤئِكَتَهُ وَ اُشْهِدُكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ بِهٰذَا ظَاهِرُهُ كَبَاطِنِهِ وَ سِرُّهُ كَعَلَانِيَتِهِ وَ اَنْتَ الشَّاهِدُ عَلٰى ذٰلِكَ وَ هُوَ عَهْدِيۤ اِلَيْكَ وَ مِيْثَاقِيْ لَدَيْكَ اِذْ اَنْتَ نِظَامُ الدِّيْنِ وَ يَعْسُوْبُ الْمُتَّقِيْنَ وَ عِزُّ الْمُوَحِّدِيْنَ وَ بِذٰلِكَ اَمَرَنِيْ رَبُّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ فَلَوْ تَطَاوَلَتِ الدُّهُوْرُ وَ تَمَادَتِ الْاَعْمَارُ [الْاَعْصَارُ] لَمْ اَزْدَدَ فِيْكَ اِلَّا يَقِيْنًا وَ لَكَ اِلَّا حُبًّا وَ عَلَيْكَ اِلَّا مُتَّكَلًا وَ مُعْتَمَدًا [تَوَكُّلًا وَ اِعْتِمَادًا] وَ لِظُهُوْرِكَ اِلَّا مُتَوَقِّعًا وَ مُنْتَظَرًا [تَوَقُّعًا وَ انْتِظَارًا]، وَ لِجِهَادِيْ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ مُتَرَقَّبًا [اِلَّا تَرَقُّبًا] فَاَبْذُلُ نَفْسِيْ وَ مَالِيْ وَ وَلَدِيْ وَ اَهْلِيْ وَ جَمِيْعَ مَا خَوَّلَنِيْ رَبِّيْ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ وَ التَّصَرُّفَ بَيْنَ اَمْرِكَ وَ نَهْيِكَ مَوْلَايَ فَاِنْ اَدْرَكْتُ اَيَّامَكَ الزَّاهِرَةَ وَ اَعْلَامَكَ الْبَاهِرَةَ فَهَا اَنَا ذَا عَبْدُكَ الْمُتَصَرِّفُ بَيْنَ اَمْرِكَ وَ نَهْيِكَ اَرْجُوْ بِهِ الشَّهَادَةَ بَيْنَ يَدَيْكَ وَ الْفَوْزَ لَدَيْكَ مَوْلَايَ فَاِنْ اَدْرَكَنِيْ الْمَوْتُ قَبْلَ ظُهُوْرِكَ فَاِنِّيۤ اَتَوَسَّلُ بِكَ وَ بِاٰبَاۤئِكَ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ اِلَى اللّٰهِ تَعَالٰى وَ اَسْاَلُهُ اَنْ يُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَنْ يَجْعَلَ لِيْ كَرَّةً فِيْ ظُهُوْرِكَ وَ رَجْعَةً فِيۤ اَيَّامِكَ لِاَبْلُغَ مِنْ طَاعَتِكَ مُرَادِيْ وَ اَشْفِيَ مِنْ اَعْدَاۤئِكَ فُؤَادِيْ مَوْلَايَ وَقَفْتُ فِيْ زِيَارَتِكَ مَوْقِفَ الْخَاطِئِيْنَ النَّادِمِيْنَ، الْخَاۤئِفِيْنَ مِنْ عِقَابِ رَبِّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ وَ قَدِ اتَّكَلْتُ عَلٰى شَفَاعَتِكَ وَ رَجَوْتُ بِمُوَالَاتِكَ وَ شَفَاعَتِكَ مَحْوَ ذُنُوبِيْ وَ سَتْرَ عُيُوْبِيْ وَ مَغْفِرَةَ زَلَلِيْ فَكُنْ لِوَلِيِّكَ يَا مَوْلَايَ عِنْدَ تَحْقِيْقِ اَمَلِهِ وَ اسْاَلِ اللّٰهَ غُفْرَانَ زَلَلِہِ فَقَدْ تَعَلَّقَ بِحَبْلِكَ وَ تَمَسَّكَ بِوِلَايَتِكَ وَ تَبَرَّاَ مِنْ اَعْدَاۤئِكَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اَنْجِزْ لِوَلِيِّكَ مَا وَعَدْتَهُ۔ اللّٰهُمَّ اَظْهِرْ كَلِمَتَهُ وَ اَعْلِ دَعْوَتَهُ وَ انْصُرْهُ عَلٰى عَدُوِّهِ وَ عَدُوِّكَ يَا رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَظْهِرْ كَلِمَتَكَ التَّآمَّةَ وَ مُغَيَّبَكَ فِيۤ اَرْضِكَ الْخَاۤئِفَ الْمُتَرَقِّبَ اَللّٰهُمَّ انْصُرْهُ نَصْرًا عَزِيْزًا وَ افْتَحْ لَهُ فَتْحًا يَسِيْرًا اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اَعِزَّ بِهِ الدِّيْنَ بَعْدَ الْخُمُوْلِ وَ اَطْلِعْ بِهِ الْحَقَّ بَعْدَ الْاُفُوْلِ وَ اَجْلِ بِهِ الظُّلْمَةَ وَ اكْشِفْ بِهِ الْغُمَّةَ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اٰمِنْ بِهِ الْبِلَادَ وَ اهْدِ بِهِ الْعِبَادَ اَللّٰهُمَّ امْلَأْ بِهِ الْاَرْضَ عَدْلًا وَ قِسْطًا كَمَا مُلِئَتْ ظُلْمًا وَ جَوْرًا اِنَّكَ سَمِيْعٌ مُجِيْبٌ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ اللّٰهِ اٰئْذَنْ لِوَلِيِّكَ فِي الدُّخُوْلِ اِلٰى حَرَمِكَ صَلَوَاتُ اللّٰهِ عَلَيْكَ وَ عَلٰىۤ اٰبَاۤئِكَ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then come to the Occultation Vault and stop between the two doors, holding the door’s side with your hand. You may then hem and haw, as if you are seeking permission of entrance, and say these words:\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ--You may now come down with tranquility and present-heartedness. Offer a two-unit prayer in the yard of the vault and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ لَاۤ اِلٰهَ اِلَّا اللّٰهُ وَ اللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ وَ لِلّٰهِ الْحَمْدُ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ هَدَانَا لِهٰذَا وَ عَرَّفَنَا اَوْلِيَاۤءَهُ وَ اَعْدَاۤءَهُ وَ وَفَّقَنَا لِزِيَارَةِ اَئِمَّتِنَا وَ لَمْ يَجْعَلْنَا مِنَ الْمُعَانِدِيْنَ النَّاصِبِيْنَ وَ لَا مِنَ الْغُلَاةِ الْمُفَوِّضِيْنَ وَ لَا مِنَ الْمُرْتَابِيْنَ الْمُقَصِّرِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى وَلِيِّ اللّٰهِ وَ ابْنِ اَوْلِيَاۤئِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الْمُدَّخَرِ لِكَرَامَةِ اَوْلِيَاۤءِ اللّٰهِ وَ بَوَارِ اَعْدَاۤئِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى النُّوْرِ الَّذِيۤ اَرَادَ اَهْلُ الْكُفْرِ اِطْفَاۤءَهُ فَاَبَى اللّٰهُ اِلَّاۤ اَنْ يُتِمَّ نُوْرَهُ بِكُرْهِهِمْ وَ اَيَّدَهُ بِالْحَيَاةِ حَتّٰى يُظْهِرَ عَلٰى يَدِهِ الْحَقَّ بِرَغْمِهِمْ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ اللّٰهَ اصْطَفَاكَ صَغِيْرًا وَ اَكْمَلَ لَكَ عُلُوْمَهُ كَبِيْرًا وَ اَنَّكَ حَيٌّ لَا تَمُوْتُ حَتّٰى تُبْطِلَ الْجِبْتَ وَ الطَّاغُوْتَ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلَيْهِ وَ عَلٰى خُدَّامِهِ وَ اَعْوَانِهِ عَلٰى غَيْبَتِهِ وَ نَأْيِهِ وَ اسْتُرْهُ سَتْرًا عَزِيْزًا وَ اجْعَلْ لَهُ مَعْقِلًا حَرِيْزًا وَ اشْدُدِ اللّٰهُمَّ وَطْاَتَكَ عَلٰى مُعَانِدِيْهِ وَ احْرُسْ مَوَالِيَهُ وَ زَاۤئِرِيْهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ كَمَا جَعَلْتَ قَلْبِيْ بِذِكْرِهِ مَعْمُوْرًا فَاجْعَلْ سِلَاحِيْ بِنُصْرَتِهِ مَشْهُوْرًا وَ اِنْ حَالَ بَيْنِيْ وَ بَيْنَ لِقَاۤئِهِ الْمَوْتُ الَّذِيْ جَعَلْتَهُ عَلٰى عِبَادِكَ حَتْمًا وَ اَقْدَرْتَ بِهِ عَلٰى خَلِيْقَتِكَ رَغْمًا فَابْعَثْنِيْ عِنْدَ خُرُوْجِهِ ظَاهِرًا مِنْ حُفْرَتِيْ مُؤْتَزِرًا كَفَنِيْ حَتّٰىۤ اُجَاهِدَ بَيْنَ يَدَيْهِ فِيْ الصَّفِّ الَّذِيۤ اَثْنَيْتَ عَلٰىۤ اَهْلِهِ فِيْ كِتَابِكَ فَقُلْتَ كَاَنَّهُمْ بُنْيَانٌ مَرْصُوْصٌ اَللّٰهُمَّ طَالَ الْاِنْتِظَارُ وَ شَمِتَ مِنَّا  الْفُجَّارُ وَ صَعُبَ عَلَيْنَا الْاِنْتِصَارُ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَرِنَا وَجْهَ وَلِيِّكَ الْمَيْمُوْنَ فِيْ حَيَاتِنَا وَ بَعْدَ الْمَنُوْنِ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيۤ اَدِيْنُ لَكَ بِالرَّجْعَةِ بَيْنَ يَدَيْ صَاحِبِ هٰذِهِ الْبُقْعَةِ الْغَوْثَ الْغَوْثَ الْغَوْثَ يَا صَاحِبَ الزَّمَانِ قَطَعْتُ فِيْ وُصْلَتِكَ الْخُلَّانَ وَ هَجَرْتُ لِزِيَارَتِكَ الْاَوْطَانَ وَ اَخْفَيْتُ اَمْرِيْ عَنْ اَهْلِ الْبُلْدَانِ لِتَكُوْنَ شَفِيْعًا عِنْدَ رَبِّكَ وَ رَبِّيْ وَ اِلٰۤى اٰبَاۤئِكَ وَ مَوَالِيَّ فِي حُسْنِ التَّوْفِيْقِ لِيْ وَ اِسْبَاغِ النِّعْمَةِ عَلَيَّ وَ سَوْقِ الْاِحْسَانِ اِلَيَّ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ اَصْحَابِ الْحَقِّ وَ قَادَةِ الْخَلْقِ وَ اسْتَجِبْ مِنِّي مَا دَعَوْتُكَ وَ اَعْطِنِيْ مَا لَمْ اَنْطِقْ بِهِ فِيْ دُعَاۤئِيْ مِنْ صَلَاحِ دِيْنِيْ وَ دُنْيَايَ اِنَّكَ حَمِيْدٌ مَجِيْدٌ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ۔--You may then enter the hall, offer a two-unit prayer, and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ عَبْدُكَ الزَّاۤئِرُ فِيْ فِنَاۤءِ وَلِيِّكَ الْمَزُوْرِ الَّذِيْ فَرَضْتَ طَاعَتَهُ عَلَى الْعَبِيْدِ وَ الْاَحْرَارِ وَ اَنْقَذْتَ بِهِ اَوْلِيَاۤءَكَ مِنْ عَذَابِ النَّارِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْهَا زِيَارَةً مَقْبُوْلَةً ذَاتَ دُعَاۤءٍ مُسْتَجَابٍ مِنْ مُصَدِّقٍ بِوَلِيِّكَ غَيْرِ مُرْتَابٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ لَا تَجْعَلْهُ اٰخِرَ الْعَهْدِ بِهِ وَ لَا بِزِيَارَتِهِ وَ لَا تَقْطَعْ اَثَرِيْ مِنْ مَشْهَدِهِ وَ زِيَارَةِ اَبِيْهِ وَ جَدِّهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اخْلُفْ عَلَيَّ نَفَقَتِيْ وَ انْفَعْنِيْ بِمَا رَزَقْتَنِيْ فِيْ دُنْيَايَ وَ اٰخِرَتِيْ لِيْ وَ لِاِخْوَانِيْ وَ اَبَوَيَّ وَ جَمِيْعِ عِتْرَتِيۤ اَسْتَوْدِعُكَ اللّٰهَ اَيُّهَا الْاِمَامُ الَّذِيْ يَفُوْزُ بِهِ الْمُؤْمِنُوْنَ وَ يَهْلِكُ عَلٰى يَدَيْهِ الْكَافِرُوْنَ الْمُكَذِّبُوْنَ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَا ابْنَ الْحَسَنِ بْنِ عَلِيٍّ جِئْتُكَ زَاۤئِرًا لَكَ وَ لِاَبِيْكَ وَ جَدِّكَ مُتَيَقِّنًا الْفَوْزَ بِكُمْ مُعْتَقِدًا اِمَامَتَكُمْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اكْتُبْ هٰذِهِ الشَّهَادَةَ وَ الزِّيَارَةَ لِيْ عِنْدَكَ فِيْ عِلِّيِّيْنَ وَ بَلِّغْنِيْ بَلَاغَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ وَ انْفَعْنِيْ بِحُبِّهِمْ يَا رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The following form of ziyarah is quoted from the highly esteemed reference books:\r\n\r\nYou may stop at the gate of the holy vault and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O vicegerent of Allah and vicegerent of your well-guided fathers. Peace be upon you, O successor of the past successors (of the Prophets). Peace be upon you, O keeper of the secrets of the Lord of the worlds. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s remainder from among the elite, select ones. Peace be upon you, O son of the luminous lights. Peace be upon you, O son of the splendid signs. Peace be upon you, O son of the immaculate progeny. Peace be upon you, O essence of the Prophetic knowledge. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s gate; the only gate from which one can enter to Him. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s course that perdition will be the result of anyone who takes other than it. Peace be upon you, O observer of the Tree of Bliss (tübà) and the Farthest Lot-tree. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s light that never extinguishes. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s decisive argument that is never hidden. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s decisive argument against all those on the earth and in the heavens. Peace be upon you; a salutation of one who recognizes you as exactly as Allah has introduced you and one who mentions only some of your characteristics that you are worthy of and even more. I bear witness that you are the argument against the past and the coming generations, your party are the true triumphant, your friends are the true winners, your enemies are truly losers, you are the keeper of the entire knowledge, you are the opener of all closed things, you are the establisher of all truths, and you are the eradicator of all wrong things. O my master, I accept you as my leader, guide, master, and adviser. I never seek any alternative and I never betake myself any master save You. I bear witness that you are verily the unchanging truth that is free of any defect and that Allah’s promise concerning you is so true that I never doubt no matter how long the occultation will take and the time (of your advent) will be far and I will never have misgivings like those who ignore you and ignore the truth that you represent and I am waiting and expecting your age, for you are the unmatched intercessor and the irrefutable master. Allah has saved you for the support of the religion, for the fortification of the believers, and for retaliating upon the deniers and the apostates. I bear witness that through the loyalty to you, deeds are approved, acts are purified, rewards are doubled, and punishments for wrongdoings are erased. Therefore, he who bears loyalty to you and recognizes your Imamate will have his deeds approved, his sayings credited, his rewards doubled, and his wrongdoings erased; while if he rejects loyalty to you, ignores the recognition of you, and follows anyone else, Allah shall throw him down in Hellfire on the nose, shall never approve of any of his acts, and shall never set up a balance for him on the Day of Resurrection. I ask Allah and His angels and you, my master, to testify to this for me; the outward of this declaration is as same as its inward, and its secret is as same as its overtness; and you are the witness on this declaration, and this is my pledge with you and my covenant to you since you are verily the system of the religion, the leader of the pious ones, and the dignity of the monotheists. This is the command of the Lord of the Worlds to me. Even if times take longer periods and ages extend, this will increase in me nothing but more belief in you, love for you, reliance on and trust in you, anticipation and expectation of your advent, and waiting to strive hard in your presence. So, I sacrifice myself, my fortune, my sons, my family members, and all that which my Lord has granted me for your sake and for obeying your orders and refraining from that which you order me not to do. O my master, If I catch your thriving days and see your splendid signs, then, here I, a servant of you, am yielding to your orders and abstaining from that which you order me not to do. Through all that, I hope for martyrdom in your presence and success in your view. O my master, but if death comes upon me before your advent, then I beseech you and your immaculate fathers to mediate for me before Allah the All-exalted Whom I pray to send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and to decide for me a return after your advent and a second life during your days so that I will attain obedience to you, which is my desire, and to heal my heart from your enemies. O my master, while I am visiting you, I am standing in the position of the repentant wrongdoers, who fear the chastisement of the Lord of the Worlds and I am, meanwhile, depending upon your intercession for me and I, through my loyalty to you and your intercession for me, wish for eradication of my sins, covering of my defects, and forgiveness of my slips. So, O my master, (please) help me— your servant— to achieve my hope and (please) ask Allah to forgive my slips. Verily, I am clinging to your rope, holding on my loyalty to you, and declaring my disavowal of your enemies. O Allah, (please) bless Muhammad and his Household and fulfill Your promise to Your Vicegerent. O Allah, (please) make prevalent his word, elevate his mission, and support him against Your and his enemies, O Lord of the Worlds! O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and allow Your Perfect Word, Your concealed one in Your lands, the afraid, and the vigilant, to reappear. O Allah, (please) support him with powerful support and give him a nigh victory. O Allah, (please) fortify the religion through him after it has been sluggish, demonstrate the truth through him after it has declined, remove darkness through him, and relieve the grief through him. O Allah, (please) spread security over the lands through him and guide the servants (of You) through him. O Allah, (please) fill the earth with justice and equality through him as it is filled with injustice and wrong. Verily, You are Allhearing and Responding. Peace be upon you, O Allah’s vicegerent. (please) permit me, your servant, to enter your sanctuary. May Allah’s blessings be upon you and upon your immaculate fathers. Allah’s mercy and benedictions be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then come to the Occultation Vault and stop between the two doors, holding the door’s side with your hand. You may then hem and haw, as if you are seeking permission of entrance, and say these words:\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah؛ the All-beneficent, the All-merciful.\r\n\r\nYou may now come down with tranquility and presentheartedness. Offer a twounit prayer in the yard of the vault and say the following words:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. Allah is the Most Great. There is no god save Allah. Allah is the Most Great and to Allah be all praise. All praise be to Allah Who has guided us to this, made us discriminate between His friends and enemies, granted us success to visit our Imams, and has not made us of the obdurate antagonists (of the truth), nor of the immoderate indeterminists, nor of the suspicious and negligent. Peace be upon Allah’s vicegerent and son of His vicegerents. Peace be upon the one saved for achieving dignity of Allah’s intimate servants and for ruining Allah’s enemies. Peace be upon the light that the people of atheism intend to extinguish; but Allah would not allow but that His light should be perfected, despite their contempt. He thus supported him with survival so that He shall make prevalent the truth at his hands against their will. I bear witness that Allah has chosen you since you were little and perfected His knowledge for you when you grew up; and that you are alive and you will not die before you efface all idols and false deities. O Allah, (please) bless him and his servants and those who helped him to occult and hide from sights, cover him with invulnerable covering, arrange for him an invincible haven, increase, O Allah, Your intensity on those who resist him obdurately, and guard his loyalists and visitors. O Allah, just as You have made my heart full of reference to him, so also (please) make my weapon prepared in support of him. If death that You have made inescapable on Your servants and You have made inevitably predestined on Your creatures impedes me from meeting him, then (please) restore me to life at his advent, coming out from my hole (i.e. grave), and using my shroud as my garment so that I will fight strivingly in his presence in the line whose people have been praised by You in You Book where You say, “...as if they were a firm and compact wall.” O Allah, too long has been the expectation, the wicked are gloating at our misfortune, and victory has been difficult for us. O Allah, (please) show us the blessed face of Your vicegerent in our lifetimes and after death. O Allah, I profess of the Return as my faith in the presence of the owner of this area. [I beseech for] Relief, relief, relief. O Patron of the Age! I have ruptured my relations with many friends in order to build good relations with you, I have deserted my homeland in order to visit you, and I have concealed my intention from the peoples of the towns so that you may be my intercessor with your and my Lord and with your fathers and my masters, seeking excellence of success, conferral of bounties, and making charitable acts run towards me. O Allah, (please) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad the rightful ones and the leaders of the creatures, and (please) respond to me in what I have besought You for and grant me all that which I have not mentioned in my prayer, such as the uprightness of my faith and my worldly affairs. You are verily worthy of praise and worthy of glory. May Allah bless Muhammad and his Immaculate Household.\r\n\r\nYou may then enter the hall, offer a twounit prayer, and say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, I—Your visiting servant— am in the yard of Your visited vicegerent the obedience to whom has been made obligatory by You on the slaves and the free and through whom You shall save Your intimate servants from the chastisement of Hellfire. O Allah, (please) decide it to be an admitted visitation of a granted prayer from one who gives full credence to Your vicegerent and who never suspects him. O Allah, (please) do not decide this to be the last of my presence and visitation to him and do not cut off my traces in his shrine and in visitation to his father and grandfather. O Allah, (please) compensate for me my expenditure, make me benefit from the sustenance that You have provided me in my worldly life and in my Next Life, and do the same to my brothers, parents, and all of my offspring. I entrust you with Allah, O Leader through whom the believers will win and at whose hands the belying unbelievers will perish. O my master! O son of al-Hasan the son of ‘Ali, I have come to you visiting you, your father, and your grandfather, being certain of winning through you, and having full faith in your Imamate. O Allah, (please) write down this testimony and visitation to me with You in the Most Elevated Place, make me attain that which is attained by the righteous ones, and make me benefit by my love for them, O Lord of the Worlds."
}