{
    "content": "You may then enter the holy shrine preceding your right foot to the left. When you stop on the tomb of Imam Abu’l-Hasan al-Hadi, peace be upon him, directing your face towards the tomb and your back towards the kiblah direction, you may repeat the following word one hundred times:\r\n\r\n--اَللهُ اَكْبَرُ--You may then say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْحَسَنِ عَلِيَّ بْنَ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلزَّكِيَّ الرَّاشِدَ النُّوْرَ الثَّاقِبَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفِيَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سِرَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَبْلَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اٰلَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا خِيَرَةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا صَفْوَةَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَاۤ اَمِيْنَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَقَّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَبِيْبَ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا نُورَ الْاَنْوَارِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا زَيْنَ الْاَبْرَارِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا سَلِيْلَ الْاَخْيَارِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عُنْصُرَ الْاَطْهَارِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ الرَّحْمٰنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا رُكْنَ الْاِيْمَانِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا مَوْلَى الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا وَلِيَّ الصَّالِحِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَلَمَ الْهُدٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا حَلِيْفَ التُّقٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا عَمُوْدَ الدِّيْنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ فَاطِمَةَ الزَّهْرَاۤءِ سَيِّدَةِ نِسَاۤءِ الْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْاَمِيْنُ الْوَفِيُّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْعَلَمُ الرَّضِيُّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الزَّاهِدُ التَّقِيُّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْحُجَّةُ عَلَى الْخَلْقِ اَجْمَعِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا التَّالِيْ لِلْقُرْاٰنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْمُبَيِّنُ لِلْحَلَالِ مِنَ الْحَرَامِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الْوَلِيُّ النَّاصِحُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا الطَّرِيْقُ الْوَاضِحُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا النَّجْمُ اللَّاۤئِحُ اَشْهَدُ يَا مَوْلَايَ يَاۤ اَبَا الْحَسَنِ اَنَّكَ حُجَّةُ اللّٰهِ عَلٰى خَلْقِهِ وَ خَلِيْفَتُهُ فِي بَرِيَّتِهِ وَ اَمِيْنُهُ فِيْ بِلَادِهِ وَ شَاهِدُهُ عَلٰى عِبَادِهِ، وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ كَلِمَةُ التَّقْوٰى وَ بَابُ الْهُدٰى وَ الْعُرْوَةُ الْوُثْقٰى وَ الْحُجَّةُ عَلٰى مَنْ فَوْقَ الْاَرْضِ وَ مَنْ تَحْتَ الثَّرٰى وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ الْمُطَهَّرُ مِنَ الذُّنُوْبِ الْمُبَرَّاُ مِنَ الْعُيُوْبِ وَ الْمُخْتَصُّ بِكَرَامَةِ اللّٰهِ وَ الْمَحْبُوُّ بِحُجَّةِ اللّٰهِ وَ الْمَوْهُوْبُ لَهُ كَلِمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ الرُّكْنُ الَّذِيْ يَلْجَاُ اِلَيْهِ الْعِبَادُ وَ تُحْيَا بِهِ الْبِلَادُ وَ اَشْهَدُ يَا مَوْلَايَ اَنِّيْ بِكَ وَ بِاٰبَاۤئِكَ وَ اَبْنَاۤئِكَ مُوْقِنٌ مُقِرٌّ وَ لَكُمْ تَابِعٌ فِيْ ذَاتِ نَفْسِيْ وَ شَرَاۤئِعِ دِيْنِيْ وَ خَاتِمَةِ عَمَلِيْ وَ مُنْقَلَبِيْ وَ مَثْوَايَ وَ اَنِّيْ وَلِيٌّ لِمَنْ وَالَاكُمْ وَ عَدُوٌّ لِمَنْ عَادَاكُمْ مُؤْمِنٌ بِسِرِّكُمْ وَ عَلَانِيَتِكُمْ وَ اَوَّلِكُمْ وَ اٰخِرِكُمْ بِاَبِيۤ اَنْتَ وَ اُمِّيْ وَ السَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ‏ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ۔--You may then kiss the tomb and place your right and then left cheeks on it and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ [صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ] صَلِّ عَلٰى حُجَّتِكَ الْوَفِيِّ وَ وَلِيِّكَ الزَّكِيِّ وَ اَمِيْنِكَ الْمُرْتَضٰى وَ صَفِيِّكَ الْهَادِيْ وَ صِرَاطِكَ الْمُسْتَقِيْمِ وَ الْجَآدَّةِ الْعُظْمٰى وَ الطَّرِيْقَةِ الْوُسْطٰى نُوْرِ قُلُوْبِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ وَلِيِّ الْمُتَّقِيْنَ وَ صَاحِبِ الْمُخْلَصِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى سَيِّدِنَا مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ وَ صَلِّ عَلٰى عَلِيِّ بْنِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلرَّاشِدِ الْمَعْصُوْمِ مِنَ الزَّلَلِ وَ الطَّاهِرِ مِنَ الْخَلَلِ وَ الْمُنْقَطِعِ اِلَيْكَ بِالْاَمَلِ الْمَبْلُوِّ بِالْفِتَنِ وَ الْمُخْتَبَرِ بِالْمِحَنِ وَ الْمُمْتَحَنِ بِحُسْنِ الْبَلْوٰى وَ صَبْرِ الشَّكْوٰى مُرْشِدِ عِبَادِكَ وَ بَرَكَةِ بِلَادِكَ وَ مَحَلِّ رَحْمَتِكَ، وَ مُسْتَوْدَعِ حِكْمَتِكَ وَ الْقَاۤئِدِ اِلٰى جَنَّتِكَ الْعَالِمِ فِيْ بَرِيَّتِكَ وَ الْهَادِيْ فِيْ خَلِيْقَتِكَ الَّذِي ارْتَضَيْتَهُ وَ انْتَجَبْتَهُ وَ اخْتَرْتَهُ لِمَقَامِ رَسُوْلِكَ فِيْ اُمَّتِهِ وَ اَلْزَمْتَهُ حِفْظَ شَرِيْعَتِهِ فَاسْتَقَلَّ بِاَعْبَاۤءِ الْوَصِيَّةِ نَاهِضًا بِهَا وَ مُضْطَلِعًا بِحَمْلِهَا لَمْ يَعْثُرْ فِيْ مُشْكِلٍ وَ لَا هَفَا فِيْ مُعْضِلٍ بَلْ كَشَفَ الْغُمَّةَ وَ سَدَّ الْفُرْجَةَ وَ اَدّى الْمُفْتَرَضَ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَكَمَا اَقْرَرْتَ نَاظِرَ نَبِيِّكَ بِهِ فَرَقِّهِ [فَارْفَعْ‏] دَرَجَتَهُ وَ اَجْزِلْ لَدَيْكَ مَثُوْبَتَهُ وَ صَلِّ عَلَيْهِ وَ بَلِّغْهُ مِنَّا تَحِيَّةً وَ سَلَامًا وَ اٰتِنَا مِنْ لَدُنْكَ فِيْ مُوَالَاتِهِ فَضْلًا وَ اِحْسَانًا وَ مَغْفِرَةً وَ رِضْوَانًا اِنَّكَ ذُو الْفَضْلِ الْعَظِيْمِ۔--You may then offer the Ziyarah Prayer. When you accomplish, you may say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--يَاۤ ذَا الْقُدْرَةِ الْجَامِعَةِ وَ الرَّحْمَةِ الْوَاسِعَةِ وَ الْمِنَنِ الْمُتَتَابِعَةِ وَ الْاٰلَاۤءِ الْمُتَوَاتِرَةِ وَ الْاَيَادِي الْجَلِيْلَةِ وَ الْمَوَاهِبِ الْجَزِيْلَةِ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ ۟اِلصَّادِقِيْنَ وَ اَعْطِنِيْ سُؤْلِيْ وَ اجْمَعْ شَمْلِيْ وَ لُمَّ شَعَثِيْ وَ زَكِّ عَمَلِيْ وَ لَا تُزِغْ قَلْبِيْ بَعْدَ اِذْ هَدَيْتَنِيْ وَ لَا تُزِلْ [تُزِلَ‏] قَدَمِيْ وَ لَا تَكِلْنِيْ اِلٰى نَفْسِيْ طَرْفَةَ عَيْنٍ اَبَدًا وَ لَا تُخَيِّبْ طَمَعِيْ وَ لَا تُبْدِ عَوْرَتِيْ وَ لَا تَهْتِكْ سِتْرِيْ وَ لَا تُوْحِشْنِيْ وَ لَا تُؤْيِسْنِيْ وَ كُنْ بِيْ رَؤُفًا رَحِيْمًا وَ اهْدِنِيْ وَ زَكِّنِيْ وَ طَهِّرْنِيْ وَ صَفِّنِيْ وَ اصْطَفِنِيْ وَ خَلِّصْنِيْ وَ اسْتَخْلِصْنِيْ وَ اصْنَعْنِيْ وَ اصْطَنِعْنِيْ وَ قَرِّبْنِيۤ اِلَيْكَ وَ لَا تُبَاعِدْنِيْ مِنْكَ وَ الْطُفْ بِيْ وَ لَا تَجْفُنِيْ وَ اَكْرِمْنِيْ وَ لَا تُهِنِّيْ وَ مَا اَسْاَلُكَ فَلَا تَحْرِمْنِيْ، وَ مَا لَا اَسْاَلُكَ فَاجْمَعْهُ لِيْ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِحُرْمَةِ وَجْهِكَ الْكَرِيْمِ وَ بِحُرْمَةِ نَبِيِّكَ مُحَمَّدٍ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ بِحُرْمَةِ اَهْلِ بَيْتِ رَسُوْلِكَ اَمِيْرِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ عَلِيٍّ وَ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْحُسَيْنِ وَ عَلِيٍّ وَ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ جَعْفَرٍ وَ مُوْسٰى وَ عَلِيٍّ وَ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ عَلِيٍّ وَ الْحَسَنِ وَ الْخَلَفِ الْبَاقِيْ صَلَوَاتُكَ وَ بَرَكَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِمْ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلَيْهِمْ اَجْمَعِيْنَ وَ تُعَجِّلَ فَرَجَ قَاۤئِمِهِمْ بِاَمْرِكَ وَ تَنْصُرَهُ وَ تَنْتَصِرَ بِهِ لِدِيْنِكَ وَ تَجْعَلَنِيْ فِيْ جُمْلَةِ النَّاجِيْنَ بِهِ وَ الْمُخْلِصِيْنَ فِيْ طَاعَتِهِ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ بِحَقِّهِمْ لَمَّا اسْتَجَبْتَ لِيْ دَعْوَتِيْ وَ قَضَيْتَ [لِيْ‏] حَاجَتِيْ وَ اَعْطَيْتَنِيْ سُؤْلِيْ وَ كَفَيْتَنِيْ مَا اَهَمَّنِيْ مِنْ اَمْرِ دُنْيَايَ وَ اٰخِرَتِيْ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ يَا نُوْرُ يَا بُرْهَانُ يَا مُنِيْرُ يَا مُبِيْنُ يَا رَبِّ اكْفِنِيْ شَرَّ الشُّرُوْرِ وَ اٰفَاتِ الدُّهُوْرِ وَ اَسْاَلُكَ النَّجَاةَ يَوْمَ يُنْفَخُ فِيْ الصُّوْرِ۔--You may then pray Almighty Allah for anything you wish.\r\n\r\nYou may also repeat the following supplicatory prayer as many times as possible:\r\n\r\n--يَا عُدَّتِيْ عِنْدَ الْعَدَدِ [الْعُدَدِ] وَ يَا رَجَاۤئِيْ وَ الْمُعْتَمَدَ وَ يَا كَهْفِيْ وَ السَّنَدَ يَا وَاحِدُ يَا اَحَدُ وَ يَا قُلْ هُوَ اللّٰهُ اَحَدٌ اَسْاَلُكَ اللّٰهُمَّ بِحَقِّ مَنْ خَلَقْتَ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ وَ لَمْ تَجْعَلْ فِيْ خَلْقِكَ مِثْلَهُمْ اَحَدًا صَلِّ عَلٰى جَمَاعَتِهِمْ۔--You may now submit your requests (before Almighty Allah).\r\n\r\nImam al-Hadi, peace be upon him, is reported to have said, “I have besought Allah the Almighty and All-majestic not to disappoint any one who says this supplicatory prayer in my shrine.”", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "You may then enter the holy shrine preceding your right foot to the left. When you stop on the tomb of Imam Abu’lHasan alHadi, peace be upon him, directing your face towards the tomb and your back towards the kiblah direction, you may repeat the following word one hundred times:\r\n\r\nAllah is the Most Great.\r\n\r\nYou may then say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Abu’l-Hasan ‘Ali the son of Muhammad, the pious, rightdirecting, and brightly shining light. Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. Peace be upon you, O sincerely attached friend of Allah. Peace be upon you, O confidant of Allah. Peace be upon you, O rope of Allah. Peace be upon you, O household of Allah. Peace be upon you, O select of Allah. Peace be upon you, O choice of Allah. Peace be upon you, O trustee of Allah. Peace be upon you, O proof of Allah. Peace be upon you, O most-beloved by Allah. Peace be upon you, O light of the lights. Peace be upon you, O pride of the virtuous ones. Peace be upon you, O descendant of the upright ones. Peace be upon you, O essence of the purified ones. Peace be upon you, O argument of the All-beneficent God. Peace be upon you, O essence of the true faith. Peace be upon you, O master of the believers. Peace be upon you, O guardian of the righteous ones. Peace be upon you, O symbol of true guidance. Peace be upon you, O ally of piety. Peace be upon you, O mainstay of the religion. Peace be upon you, O son of the seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O son of the chief of the Prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O son of Fàtimah the Luminous and the doyenne of the women of the world. Peace be upon you, O faithful trustee. Peace be upon you, O favorite epitome. Peace be upon you, O ascetic and pious. Peace be upon you, O decisive argument against all creatures. Peace be upon you, O succeeding of the Qur'an. Peace be upon you, O distinguishing between the lawful and the unlawful. Peace be upon you, O sincere saint. Peace be upon you, O evident course. Peace be upon you, O bright star. I bear witness, O my master Abu’l-Hasan, that you are verily the decisive argument of Allah against His creatures, His representative among His created beings, His trusted administrator in His lands, and His witness over His servants. I also bear witness that you are verily the word of piety, the door to true guidance, the ؛Firmest Handle, and the evident proof against those who are on the earth and those who are beneath the layers of the soil. I bear witness that you are purified from sins, cleaned against defects, bestowed with the honor of Allah, endued with the proof of Allah, granted the Word of Allah, and the stronghold to whom the servants (of Allah) resort and by whom the lands are revived. I bear witness, O my master, that I have faith in and I submit to you, your forefathers and your sons, I I follow all of you in my personal affairs, in my religious performance, in the seals of my deed, and in my return and final place. I do show loyalty to your loyalists, I show enmity towards your enemies, I believe in all of the invisible and the visible, and the first and the last of you. May Allah accept my father and mother as ransoms for you. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you.\r\n\r\nYou may then kiss the tomb and place your right and then left cheeks on it and say the following words:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad and send blessings upon Your faithful demonstrator, Your sagacious representative, Your well-pleased trustee, Your sincerely attached guide, Your Right Path, the most important approach, the just and equitable course, the light of the faithful believers’ hearts, the friend of the pious ones, and the comrade of the sincere. O Allah, (please do) send blessings upon our Master Muhammad and upon his Household and send blessings upon ‘Ali the son of Muhammad, the rightly-directing, the infallible guide, the free from defects, who, putting hope in You, kept himself aloof from temptations, who was tried (by You)through seditious matters, who was tested (by You)through tribulations, who was examined (by You) through acting excellently towards misfortunes, and through steadfastness against complaining; (he is) the spiritual guide of Your servants, the blessing for Your lands, the destination of Your mercy, the hoarder of Your wisdom, the leader to Your Paradise, the all-knowledgeable among Your created beings, the true guide of Your creatures, whom You pleased, preferred, selected to take the place of Your Prophet among his people, and bounded with the guardianship of his laws. So, he accomplished the onerous task of representation (of the Prophet), carrying it perfectly, and undertaking the responsibility of bearing it. He neither slipped in any problematic action nor did he fail to solve any complexity. Rather, he relieved all agonies, sealed the loopholes, and fulfilled the required. O Allah, just as You made him a source of delight for Your Prophet, so also (please) raise him to the most elevated position, give him the most fitting reward that suits him, bless him, convey our greetings and salutations to him, and give us, on account of our love for him, from You bounties, favors, amnesty, and approval. Verily, You are the Lord of superabundant favors.\r\n\r\nYou may then offer the Ziyarah Prayer. When you accomplish, you may say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO Lord of omnipotent power! O Lord of all-inclusive mercy! O Lord of successive favors! O Lord of uninterrupted bounties! O Lord of magnificent bestowals! O Lord of abundant conferrals! (Please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad the veracious ones, grant me that which I ask from You, re-unify me (with my family), unite me (with my family), purify my deeds, cause not my heart to stray after You have guided me, cause not my footstep to slip, never refer me to myself even for a time as short as a wink of an eye, disappoint not my desire, expose not my private parts, disclose not my covering, cause me not to feel lonely, despair me not, be to me kind and merciful, guide me (to the right path), make me grow, purify me, cleanse me, dedicate me to You, select me, render me suitable, arrange me for You alone, attach me to Yourself, draw me near You, take me not far away from You, be kind to me, do not turn away from me, honor me, do not humiliate me, do not deprive me of all that which I ask from You, and give me altogether all that which I have not asked from You. (Please do all that) in the name of Your mercy, O most merciful of all those who show mercy. I also beseech You in the name of the sacredness of Your Honorable Face, the sanctity of Your Prophet Muhammad, may Your blessings be upon him and upon his Household, and the sanctity of Your Prophet’s Household; namely, ‘Ali the Commander of the Faithful, al-Hasan, al-Husayn, ‘Ali, Muhammad, Ja'far, Müsä, ‘Ali, Muhammad, ‘Ali, al-Hasan, and the Remaining Successor; may Your benedictions and blessings be upon them all, (I beseech You in their names) to send blessings upon all of them, hasten the Relief of their Rising Imam by Your permission, support him, betake him as the means of victory of Your religion, and include me with those who shall be redeemed through him and those who act sincerely in obedience to him. I also beseech You in the name of their right to respond to my prayer, grant me my needs, answer my requests, and save me from whatever aggrieves me from the affairs of this world as well as the world to come. O most merciful of all those who show mercy! O Light! O Evident! O Granter of light! O Granter of evidence! O Lord! (Please do) save me from all evils and from vicissitudes of time.\r\n\r\nYou may then pray Almighty Allah for anything you wish.\r\n\r\nYou may also repeat the following supplicatory prayer as many times as possible:\r\n\r\nO my means when I lack means! O my hope and my trust! O my haven and my support! O One! O One and Only! O (described in) “Say: He is Allah, the One.” I beseech You in the name of those whom You created from among Your creations but You have not made anyone to be like them at all, (please do) send blessings upon them all...\r\n\r\nYou may now submit your requests (before Almighty Allah).\r\n\r\nImam alHadi, peace be upon him, is reported to have said, “I have besought Allah the Almighty and Allmajestic not to disappoint any one who says this supplicatory prayer in my shrine.”"
}