{
    "content": "Mentioning the method of visiting the tombs of the Four Emissaries, Shaykh al-Tusi, in his book of Tahdhib al-Ahkam, and Sayyid Ibn Tawus, in his book of Misbah al-Za’ir, have reported the following form of ziyarah from Abu’l-Qasim Husayn ibn Rawh:\r\n\r\nYou may now mention the name of the visited as well as his father’s name; and then continue:\r\n\r\n--اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ بَابُ الْمَوْلٰى اَدَّيْتَ عَنْهُ وَ اَدَّيْتَ اِلَيْهِ مَا خَالَفْتَهُ وَ لَا خَالَفْتَ عَلَيْهِ قُمْتَ خَآصًّا وَ انْصَرَفْتَ سَابِقًا جِئْتُكَ عَارِفًا بِالْحَقِّ الَّذِيۤ اَنْتَ عَلَيْهِ وَ اَنَّكَ مَا خُنْتَ فِي التَّأْدِيَةِ وَ السِّفَارَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ مِنْ بَابٍ مَا اَوْسَعَهُ [اَوْسَعَكَ‏] وَ مِنْ سَفِيْرٍ مَاۤ اٰمَنَكَ وَ مِنْ ثِقَةٍ مَاۤ اَمْكَنَكَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّ اللّٰهَ اخْتَصَّكَ بِنُوْرِهِ حَتّٰى عَايَنْتَ الشَّخْصَ فَاَدَّيْتَ عَنْهُ وَ اَدَّيْتَ اِلَيْهِ۔ جِئْتُكَ مُخْلِصًا بِتَوْحِيْدِ اللّٰهِ وَ مُوَالَاةِ اَوْلِيَاۤئِهِ وَ الْبَرَاۤءَةِ مِنْ اَعْدَاۤئِهِمْ [اَعْدَاۤئِهِ‏] وَ مِنَ الَّذِيْنَ خَالَفُوْكَ يَا حُجَّةَ الْمَوْلٰى وَ بِكَ اِلَيْهِمْ [اَللّٰهُمَ‏] تَوَجُّهِيْ وَ بِهِمْ اِلَى اللّٰهِ [اِلَيْكَ‏] تَوَسُّلِيْ۔--You may then pray and beseech Almighty Allah for anything you want, and you will be granted, Allah willing.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "Mentioning the method of visiting the tombs of the Four Emissaries, Shaykh alTusi, in his book of Tahdhib alAhkam, and Sayyid Ibn Tawus, in his book of Misbah alZa’ir, have reported the following form of ziyarah from Abu’lQasim Husayn ibn Rawh:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon the Messenger of Allah, peace of Allah be upon him and his Household. Peace be upon the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon Khadijah the grand lady. Peace be upon Fatimah the luminous and the doyenne of all women of the world. Peace be upon al-Hasan and al-Husayn. Peace be upon ‘Ali the son of al-Husayn. Peace be upon Muhammad the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon Ja'far the son of Muhammad. Peace be upon Musa the son of Ja'far. Peace be upon ‘Ali the son of Musa. Peace be upon Muhammad the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon ‘Ali the son of Muhammad. Peace be upon al-Hasan the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon the virtuous Successor and Awaited. Peace be upon you, O...\r\n\r\nYou may now mention the name of the visited as well as his father’s name; and then continue:\r\n\r\nI bear witness that you are verily the door to the Chief; you conveyed on behalf of him and conveyed to him; you neither contradicted him nor disagreed with him. You represented him individually and passed away excelling all others. I have come to you, recognizing the truth you are following and understanding that you have never cheated in conveyance and in representation. Peace be upon you; you are a door opened extremely wide, an emissary trusted immeasurably, and a very versed trustworthy. I bear witness that Allah has given you His light so exclusively that you could see (the Imam) in person; you therefore conveyed on behalf of him and conveyed to him. Peace be upon the Messenger of Allah, peace of Allah be upon him and his Household. Peace be upon the Commander of the Faithful. Peace be upon Khadijah the grand lady. Peace be upon Fatimah the luminous and the doyenne of all women of the world. Peace be upon al-Hasan and al-Husayn. Peace be upon ‘Ali the son of al-Husayn. Peace be upon Muhammad the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon Ja'far the son of Muhammad. Peace be upon Musa the son of Ja'far. Peace be upon ‘Ali the son of Musa. Peace be upon Muhammad the son of 'AIL Peace be upon 'AH the son of Muhammad. Peace be upon al-Hasan the son of ‘Ali. Peace be upon the virtuous Successor and Awaited. I have come to you professing Allah’s being the One and Only Lord, declaring loyalty to His loyalists, and declaring repudiation from His enemies and those who dissented you, O Argument of the Chief. Through you do I turn my face to them and through them do I seek means to Allah.\r\n\r\nYou may then pray and beseech Almighty Allah for anything you want, and you will be granted, Allah willing.( )"
}