{
    "content": "As is mentioned in Misbah al-Za’ir and other books, if you intend to visit the tomb of Ibrahim, the son of the Holy Prophet (s), you may stop at his tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى حَبِيْبِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى صَفِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى نَجِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدِ بْنِ عَبْدِ اللّٰهِ سَيِّدِ الْاَنْبِيَاۤءِ وَ خَاتَمِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ وَ خِيَرَةِ اللّٰهِ مِنْ خَلْقِهِ فِيْۤ اَرْضِهِ وَ سَمَاۤئِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى جَمِيْعِ اَنْبِيَاۤئِهِ وَ رُسُلِهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَى الشُّهَدَاۤءِ وَ السُّعَدَاۤءِ وَ الصَّالِحِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْنَا وَ عَلٰى عِبَادِ اللّٰهِ الصَّالِحِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيَّتُهَا الرُّوْحُ الزَّاكِيَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيَّتُهَا النَّفْسُ الشَّرِيْفَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيَّتُهَا السُّلَالَةُ الطَّاهِرَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيَّتُهَا النَّسَمَةُ الزَّاكِيَةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ خَيْرِ الْوَرٰى، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ النَّبِيِّ الْمُجْتَبٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْمَبْعُوْثِ اِلٰى كَآفَّةِ الْوَرٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْبَشِيْرِ النَّذِيْرِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ السِّرَاجِ الْمُنِيْرِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْمُؤَيَّدِ بِالْقُرْاٰنِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الْمُرْسَلِ اِلَى الْاِنْسِ وَ الْجَآنِّ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ صَاحِبِ الرَّايَةِ وَ الْعَلَامَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ الشَّفِيْعِ يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ يَا ابْنَ مَنْ حَبَاهُ اللّٰهُ بِالْكَرَامَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكَ قَدِ اخْتَارَ اللّٰهُ لَكَ دَارَ اِنْعَامِهِ قَبْلَ اَنْ يَكْتُبَ عَلَيْكَ اَحْكَامَهُ اَوْ يُكَلِّفَكَ حَلَالَهُ وَ حَرَامَهُ فَنَقَلَكَ اِلَيْهِ طَيِّبًا زَاكِيًا مَرْضِيًّا طَاهِرًا مِنْ كُلِّ نَجَسٍ مُقَدَّسًا مِنْ كُلِّ دَنَسٍ وَ بَوَّاَكَ جَنَّةَ الْمَأْوٰى وَ رَفَعَكَ اِلَى الدَّرَجَاتِ الْعُلٰى وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلَيْكَ صَلٰوةً تَقَرُّ بِهَا عَيْنُ رَسُوْلِهِ وَ تُبَلِّغُهُ اَكْبَرَ مَأْمُوْلِهِ اَللّٰهُمَّ اجْعَلْ اَفْضَلَ صَلَوَاتِكَ وَ اَزْكَاهَا وَ اَنْمٰى بَرَكَاتِكَ وَ اَوْفَاهَا عَلٰى رَسُوْلِكَ وَ نَبِيِّكَ، وَ خِيَرَتِكَ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ مُحَمَّدٍ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ وَ عَلٰى مَنْ نَسَلَ مِنْ اَوْلَادِهِ الطَّيِّبِيْنَ وَ عَلٰى مَنْ خَلَّفَ مِنْ عِتْرَتِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْۤ اَسْاَلُكَ بِحَقِّ مُحَمَّدٍ صَفِيِّكَ وَ اِبْرَاهِيْمَ نَجْلِ نَبِيِّكَ اَنْ تَجْعَلَ سَعْيِيْ بِهِمْ مَشْكُوْرًا وَ ذَنْبِيْ بِهِمْ مَغْفُوْرًا وَ حَيَاتِيْ بِهِمْ سَعِيْدَةً وَ عَاقِبَتِيْ بِهِمْ حَمِيْدَةً وَ حَوَاۤئِجِيْ بِهِمْ مَقْضِيَّةً وَ اَفْعَالِيْ بِهِمْ مَرْضِيَّةً وَ اُمُوْرِيْ بِهِمْ مَسْعُوْدَةً وَ شُئُوْنِيْ بِهِمْ مَحْمُوْدَةً اَللّٰهُمَّ وَ اَحْسِنْ لِيَ التَّوْفِيْقَ وَ نَفِّسْ عَنِّيْ كُلَّ هَمٍّ وَ ضِيْقٍ اَللّٰهُمَّ جَنِّبْنِيْ عِقَابَكَ وَ امْنَحْنِيْ ثَوَابَكَ وَ اَسْكِنِّيْ جِنَانَكَ وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ رِضْوَانَكَ وَ اَمَانَكَ وَ اَشْرِكْ لِيْ فِيْ صَالِحِ دُعَاۤئِيْ وَالِدَيَّ وَ وُلْدِيْ وَ جَمِيْعَ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْمُؤْمِنَاتِ الْاَحْيَاۤءَ مِنْهُمْ وَ الْاَمْوَاتَ اِنَّكَ وَلِيُّ الْبَاقِيَاتِ الصَّالِحَاتِ اٰمِيْنَ رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ۔--You may then provide your needs and offer a two unit prayer.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "As is mentioned in Misbah al-Za’ir and other books, if you intend to visit the tomb of Ibrahim, the son of the Holy Prophet (s), you may stop at his tomb and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon Allah’s messenger. Peace be upon Allah’s prophet. Peace be upon Allah’s elite. Peace be upon Allah’s well-selected one. Peace be upon Allah’s confidant. Peace be upon Muhammad the son of 'Abdullah, the master of the Prophets, the seal of the Messengers, and the best of Allah’s created beings in the earth and the skies. Peace be upon all His Prophets and Messengers. Peace be upon the martyrs, the happy ones, and the righteous ones. Peace be upon us and upon the righteous servants of Allah. Peace be upon you, O pure soul. Peace be upon you, O honorable self. Peace be upon you, O immaculate descendant. Peace be upon you, O upright person. Peace be upon you, O son of the best of all created beings. Peace be upon you, O son of the selected Prophet. Peace be upon you, O son of the envoy to all peoples. Peace be upon you, O son of the conveyor of good tidings (to the believers) and the warner (against Allah’s chastisement). Peace be upon you, O son of the bright torch. Peace be upon you, O son of the one supported by the Qur’an. Peace be upon you, O son of the one sent to both men and jinn. Peace be upon you, O son of the holder of the Pennon and the Sign. Peace be upon you, O son of the intercessor on the Resurrection Day. Peace be upon you, O son of him upon whom Allah has conferred honor. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you. I bear witness that Allah decided for you the abode of His bliss before He prescribed His rules for you or ordained you to commit to what is deemed lawful and what is deemed unlawful by Him. He thus moved you near Him while you are immaculate, upright, pleased, purified from all filths, and sanctified against all dirt. He lodged you in the Paradisiacal Abode and elevated you to the uppermost ranks. May Allah bless you with such blessings that delight His Messenger and make him attain his utmost objective. O Allah, (please do) render the best and the purest of Your blessings, and the most abundant and richest of Your benedictions to be upon Your messenger, prophet, and the most favorite of Your creatures; namely, Muhammad, the seal of the prophets, and upon his immaculate sons, and upon his pure successors from his household; in the name of Your mercy, O most merciful of all those who show mercy. O Allah, I beseech You in the name of Muhammad, Your elite, and in the name of Ibrahim, the son of Your prophet, to make my efforts to be praiseworthy, my sins forgiven, my life satisfying, my end result commendable, my needs settled, my deeds pleased, my affairs blissful, and my matters commended. O Allah, (please do) grant me remarkable successfulness and relieve me from all of my grievances and depressions. O Allah, (please do) ward off from me Your chastisement, sign over me Your rewards, allow me to settle in the gardens of Your Paradise, bestow upon me Your pleasure and security, and allow my acceptable supplications to include my parents, my sons, and all believing men and women, the alive and the dead, for You are verily the Lord of the ever-abiding, good works. Respond to me, O Lord of the Worlds.\r\n\r\nYou may then provide your needs and offer a two unit prayer."
}