{
    "content": "When you intend to visit the Holy Imams in al-Baqi’ Cemetery, you may begin with the aforementioned general etiquettes (bathing oneself, being ceremonially pure (ghusl), putting on clean dresses, perfuming oneself, asking for permission etc.) and then say the following:\r\n\r\n--يَا مَوَالِيَّ يَاۤ اَبْنَاۤءَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ عَبْدُكُمْ وَ ابْنُ اَمَتِكُمُ الذَّلِيْلُ بَيْنَ اَيْدِيْكُمْ وَ الْمُضْعَفُ فِي عُلُوِّ قَدْرِكُمْ وَ الْمُعْتَرِفُ بِحَقِّكُمْ جَاۤءَكُمْ مُسْتَجِيْرًا بِكُمْ قَاصِدًا اِلٰى حَرَمِكُمْ مُتَقَرِّبًا اِلٰى مَقَامِكُمْ مُتَوَسِّلًا اِلَى اللّٰهِ تَعَالٰى بِكُمْ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا مَوَالِيَّ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا اَوْلِيَاۤءَ اللّٰهِ اَ اَدْخُلُ يَا مَلَاۤئِكَةَ اللّٰهِ الْمُحْدِقِيْنَ بِهٰذَا الْحَرَمِ الْمُقِيْمِيْنَ بِهٰذَا الْمَشْهَدِ،--After you attain reverence, submission, and tenderheartedness, you may enter the shrine with your right foot, and say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُ اَكْبَرُ كَبِيْرًا وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ كَثِيْرًا وَ سُبْحَانَ اللّٰهِ بُكْرَةً وَ اَصِيْلًا وَ الْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الْفَرْدِ الصَّمَدِ الْمَاجِدِ الْاَحَدِ الْمُتَفَضِّلِ الْمَنَّانِ الْمُتَطَوِّلِ الْحَنَّانِ الَّذِيْ مَنَّ بِطَوْلِهِ وَ سَهَّلَ زِيَارَةَ سَادَاتِيْ بِاِحْسَانِهِ وَ لَمْ يَجْعَلْنِيْ عَنْ زِيَارَتِهِمْ مَمْنُوْعًا بَلْ تَطَوَّلَ وَ مَنَحَ۔--You may then move toward their tombs, face them, turn the back to the kiblah direction, and say the following:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اَئِمَّةَ الْهُدٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اَهْلَ التَّقْوٰى اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اَيُّهَا الْحُجَجُ عَلٰۤى اَهْلِ الدُّنْيَا اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اَيُّهَا الْقُوَّامُ فِي الْبَرِيَّةِ بِالْقِسْطِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اَهْلَ الصَّفْوَةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اٰلَ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكُمْ اَهْلَ النَّجْوٰى اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمْ قَدْ بَلَّغْتُمْ وَ نَصَحْتُمْ وَ صَبَرْتُمْ فِيْ ذَاتِ اللّٰهِ وَ كُذِّبْتُمْ وَ اُسِيْۤ‏ءَ اِلَيْكُمْ فَغَفَرْتُمْ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكُمُ الْاَئِمَّةُ الرَّاشِدُوْنَ الْمُهْتَدُوْنَ وَ اَنَّ طَاعَتَكُمْ مَفْرُوْضَةٌ وَ اَنَّ قَوْلَكُمُ الصِّدْقُ وَ اَنَّكُمْ دَعَوْتُمْ فَلَمْ تُجَابُوْا وَ اَمَرْتُمْ فَلَمْ تُطَاعُوْا وَ اَنَّكُمْ دَعَاۤئِمُ الدِّيْنِ وَ اَرْكَانُ الْاَرْضِ، لَمْ تَزَالُوْا بِعَيْنِ اللّٰهِ يَنْسَخُكُمْ مِنْ اَصْلَابِ كُلِّ مُطَهَّرٍ وَ يَنْقُلُكُمْ مِنْ اَرْحَامِ الْمُطَهَّرَاتِ لَمْ تُدَنِّسْكُمُ الْجَاهِلِيَّةُ الْجَهْلَاۤءُ وَ لَمْ تَشْرَكْ فِيْكُمْ فِتَنُ الْاَهْوَاۤءِ طِبْتُمْ وَ طَابَ مَنْبَتُكُمْ مَنَّ بِكُمْ عَلَيْنَا دَيَّانُ الدِّيْنِ فَجَعَلَكُمْ فِيْ بُيُوْتٍ اَذِنَ اللّٰهُ اَنْ تُرْفَعَ وَ يُذْكَرَ فِيْهَا اسْمُهُ وَ جَعَلَ صَلٰوتَنَا عَلَيْكُمْ رَحْمَةً لَنَا وَ كَفَّارَةً لِذُنُوْبِنَا اِذِ اخْتَارَكُمُ اللّٰهُ لَنَا وَ طَيَّبَ خَلْقَنَا بِمَا مَنَّ عَلَيْنَا مِنْ وِلَايَتِكُمْ وَ كُنَّا عِنْدَهُ مُسَمِّيْنَ بِعِلْمِكُمْ مُعْتَرِفِيْنَ بِتَصْدِيْقِنَا اِيَّاكُمْ وَ هٰذَا مَقَامُ مَنْ اَسْرَفَ وَ اَخْطَاَ وَ اسْتَكَانَ وَ اَقَرَّ بِمَا جَنٰى وَ رَجَا بِمَقَامِهِ الْخَلَاصَ وَ اَنْ يَسْتَنْقِذَهُ بِكُمْ مُسْتَنْقِذُ الْهَلْكٰى مِنَ الرَّدٰى فَكُوْنُوْا لِيْ شُفَعَاۤءَ، فَقَدْ وَفَدْتُ اِلَيْكُمْ اِذْ رَغِبَ عَنْكُمْ اَهْلُ الدُّنْيَا وَ اتَّخَذُوْا اٰيَاتِ اللّٰهِ هُزُوًا وَ اسْتَكْبَرُوْا عَنْهَا--You may then raise your head toward the sky and say the following:\r\n\r\n--يَا مَنْ هُوَ قَاۤئِمٌ لَا يَسْهُوْ وَ دَاۤئِمٌ لَا يَلْهُوْ وَ مُحِيْطٌ بِكُلِّ شَيْ‏ءٍ لَكَ الْمَنُّ بِمَا وَفَّقْتَنِيْ وَ عَرَّفْتَنِيْ بِمَاۤ اَقَمْتَنِيْ عَلَيْهِ اِذْ صَدَّ عَنْهُ عِبَادُكَ وَ جَهِلُوْا مَعْرِفَتَهُ وَ اسْتَخَفُّوْا بِحَقِّهِ وَ مَالُوْا اِلٰى سِوَاهُ فَكَانَتِ الْمِنَّةُ مِنْكَ عَلَيَّ مَعَ اَقْوَامٍ خَصَصْتَهُمْ بِمَا خَصَصْتَنِيْ بِهِ فَلَكَ الْحَمْدُ اِذْ كُنْتُ عِنْدَكَ فِيْ مَقَامِيْ هٰذَا مَذْكُوْرًا مَكْتُوْبًا فَلَا تَحْرِمْنِيْ مَا رَجَوْتُ وَ لَا تُخَيِّبْنِيْ فِيْمَا دَعَوْتُ بِحُرْمَةِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ وَ صَلَّى اللّٰهُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ۔--You may now pray Almighty Allah for anything you want.\r\n\r\nIn Tahdhib al-Ahkam, Shaykh al-Tusi says: You may then offer the Ziyarah Prayer (salat al-ziyarah) in eight units; each two units are for one of the (four) Imams.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "When you intend to visit the Holy Imams in al-Baqi’ Cemetery, you may begin with the aforementioned general etiquettes (bathing oneself, being ceremonially pure, putting on clean dresses, perfuming oneself, asking for permission… etc.) and then say the following:\r\n\r\nO my masters, sons of the Messenger of Allah, I your servant and the son of your maid who stand submissively before you, who is worth nothing in comparison with your elevated esteem, and who admits your right (that is incumbent upon us)  have come to you, seeking your shelter, heading for your sanctuary, seeking nearness to Your statuses, and beseeching Allah in your names. May I enter, O my masters? May I enter, O intimate servants of Allah? May I enter, O Allah’s angels who surround this sanctuary and reside in this shrine?\r\n\r\nAfter you attain reverence, submission, and tenderheartedness, you may enter the shrine with your right foot, and say the following:\r\n\r\nAllah is greatly the Greatest. All praise be to Allah abundantly. Glory be to Allah in morns and eves. All praise be to Allah, the Single, the Absolute, the Glorious, the One and Only, the All-obliging, the All-benefactor, the Donor, the All-compassionate, Who conferred (upon us) with His bequests, Who has made easy for me to visit my masters out of His beneficence, Who has not included me with those who are prevented from visiting them; rather, He has bestowed upon me and donated me (this favor).\r\n\r\nYou may then move toward their tombs, face them, turn the back to the kiblah direction, and say the following:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon you, O Leaders of true guidance. Peace be upon you, O people of piety. Peace be upon you, O Arguments against the inhabitants of this world. Peace be upon you, O maintainers of justice on people. Peace be upon you, O choicest people. Peace be upon you, O members of the Household of Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon you, O people of confidential talks (of the angels). I bear witness that you did convey, offer advice, endure for the sake of Allah, and forgive when you were belied and maltreated. I also bear witness that you are the orthodox, well-guided Leaders, that the obedience to you is obligatory, that your words are true, that you had called (to Allah) but you were not answered, that you had enjoined (the right) but you were not obeyed, and that you are the supports of the religion and the poses of the earth. You were always under the sight of Allah Who moved you from the loins of purified men to the wombs of purified women. The benighted ignorance could not stain you and the whimsical sedition could not attract you. Pleased be you as your origin has been pleased. The King of the religion has conferred upon us with the grace of our acknowledgment of you; He therefore caused you to be in houses which He (i.e. Allah) has permitted to be exalted and that His Name may be mentioned therein, and He has decided our invocations of blessings upon you to be mercy on us and to be granting remission of our sins. Allah has chosen you for us and has purified our creation through the grace of our loyalty to your (Divinely commissioned) Leadership with which He has conferred upon us. We have thus become nominated with Him due to our acknowledgement of you and our giving credence to you. So, this is the situation of him who has committed mistakes and sins, shown submission (to you), and confessed of what he had committed. Hence, being in this situation, I hope for redemption and I hope that the Savior of the perishing ones from perdition may save me in your names. So, (please) be my interceders, for I have come to you when the people of this world abandoned you, took the Signs of Allah for a jest, and turned away from them haughtily.\r\n\r\nYou may then raise your head toward the sky and say the following:\r\n\r\nO He Who is Self-Subsisting and never forgets, Who is Ever-living and never becomes heedless, and Who encompasses all things! To You is all gratitude for that You have guided me (to this) and You have introduced to me that on which I rest, when Your servants diverted from it, ignored the recognition of it, belittled its right, and inclined to elsewhere. Hence, You have conferred upon me with this favor as well as upon other people whom You have granted exclusively the same. So, all praise be to You, for I have been mentioned and written with You due to the situation in which I am now. Hence, (please) do not deprive me of what I long for, and do not disappoint me as regards my supplication; (please do so) in the name of the sanctity of Muhammad and his immaculate Household. May Allah send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad.\r\n\r\nYou may now pray Almighty Allah for anything you want.\r\n\r\nIn Tahdhib al-Ahkam, Shaykh al-Tusi says: You may then offer the Ziyarah Prayer (salat al-ziyarah) in eight units; each two units are for one of the (four) Imams."
}