{
    "content": "ZIYARAH OF LADY FATIMAH BINT ASAD - IMAM ALI’S MOTHER\r\n\r\nYou may stop at the tomb of Lady Fatimah bint (daughter of) Asad and say the following words:\r\n\r\n--اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى نَبِيِّ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ سَيِّدِ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ سَيِّدِ الْاَوَّلِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ سَيِّدِ الْاٰخِرِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى مَنْ بَعَثَهُ اللّٰهُ رَحْمَةً لِلْعَالَمِيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكَ اَيُّهَا النَّبِيُّ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلٰى فَاطِمَةَ بِنْتِ اَسَدٍ ۟اِلْهَاشِمِيَّةِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الصِّدِّيْقَةُ الْمَرْضِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا التَّقِيَّةُ النَّقِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ اَيَّتُهَا الْكَرِيْمَةُ الرَّضِيَّةُ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا كَافِلَةَ مُحَمَّدٍ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا وَالِدَةَ سَيِّدِ الْوَصِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا مَنْ ظَهَرَتْ شَفَقَتُهَا عَلٰى رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ خَاتَمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ يَا مَنْ تَرْبِيَتُهَا لِوَلِيِّ اللّٰهِ الْاَمِيْنِ، اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ وَ عَلٰى رُوْحِكِ وَ بَدَنِكِ الطَّاهِرِ اَلسَّلَامُ عَلَيْكِ وَ عَلٰى وَلَدِكِ وَ رَحْمَةُ اللّٰهِ وَ بَرَكَاتُهُ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكِ اَحْسَنْتِ الْكِفَالَةَ وَ اَدَّيْتِ الْاَمَانَةَ وَ اجْتَهَدْتِ فِيْ مَرْضَاةِ اللّٰهِ وَ بَالَغْتِ فِيْ حِفْظِ رَسُوْلِ اللّٰهِ عَارِفَةً بِحَقِّهِ مُؤْمِنَةً بِصِدْقِهِ مُعْتَرِفَةً بِنُبُوَّتِهِ مُسْتَبْصِرَةً بِنِعْمَتِهِ كَافِلَةً بِتَرْبِيَتِهِ مُشْفِقَةً عَلٰى نَفْسِهِ وَاقِفَةً عَلٰى خِدْمَتِهِ مُخْتَارَةً رِضَاهُ وَ اَشْهَدُ اَنَّكِ مَضَيْتِ عَلَى الْاِيْمَانِ وَ التَّمَسُّكِ بِاَشْرَفِ الْاَدْيَانِ رَاضِيَةً مَرْضِيَّةً طَاهِرَةً زَكِيَّةً تَقِيَّةً نَقِيَّةً فَرَضِيَ اللّٰهُ عَنْكِ وَ اَرْضَاكِ وَ جَعَلَ الْجَنَّةَ مَنْزِلَكِ وَ مَأْوَاكِ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ انْفَعْنِيْ بِزِيَارَتِهَا وَ ثَبِّتْنِيْ عَلٰى مَحَبَّتِهَا وَ لَا تَحْرِمْنِيْ شَفَاعَتَهَا وَ شَفَاعَةَ الْاَئِمَّةِ مِنْ ذُرِّيَّتِهَا، وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ مُرَافَقَتَهَا وَ احْشُرْنِيْ مَعَهَا وَ مَعَ اَوْلَادِهَا الطَّاهِرِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ لَا تَجْعَلْهُ اٰخِرَ الْعَهْدِ مِنْ زِيَارَتِيْ اِيَّاهَا وَ ارْزُقْنِيْ الْعَوْدَ اِلَيْهَا اَبَدًا مَا اَبْقَيْتَنِيْ وَ اِذَا تَوَفَّيْتَنِيْ فَاحْشُرْنِيْ فِيْ زُمْرَتِهَا وَ اَدْخِلْنِيْ فِيْ شَفَاعَتِهَا بِرَحْمَتِكَ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اَللّٰهُمَّ بِحَقِّهَا عِنْدَكَ وَ مَنْزِلَتِهَا لَدَيْكَ اغْفِرْ لِيْ وَ لِوَالِدَيَّ وَ لِجَمِيْعِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ وَ الْمُؤْمِنَاتِ وَ اٰتِنَا فِيْ الدُّنْيَا حَسَنَةً وَ فِيْ الْاٰخِرَةِ حَسَنَةً وَ قِنَا بِرَحْمَتِكَ عَذَابَ النَّارِ۔--Before you leave, you may offer a two unit prayer (i.e. salat al-ziyarah) and pray Allah for anything you want.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "ZIYARAH OF LADY FATIMAH BINT ASAD - IMAM ALI’S MOTHER\r\n\r\nYou may stop at the tomb of Lady Fatimah bint (daughter of) Asad and say the following words:\r\n\r\nPeace be upon Allah’s Prophet. Peace be upon Allah’s Messenger. Peace be upon Muhammad, the chief of the Messengers. Peace be upon Muhammad, the chief of the past generations. Peace be upon Muhammad, the chief of the coming generations. Peace be upon him whom Allah has sent as mercy for the peoples. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you, O Prophet. Peace be upon Fatimah the daughter of Asad, the Hashemite lady. Peace be upon you, O veracious and well-pleased. Peace be upon you, O pious and pure. Peace be upon you, O noble and pleased. Peace be upon you, O nurse of Muhammad— the seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O mother of the chief of the Prophets’ successors. Peace be upon you, O she who showed compassion to Allah’s Messenger and the seal of the Prophets. Peace be upon you, O she who reared the honest representative of Allah. Peace be upon you and upon your soul and pure body. Peace and Allah’s mercy and blessings be upon you and your son. I bear witness that you did well when you nursed the Prophet, fulfilled your duty, exerted all efforts for gaining the pleasure of Allah, and strove in the safeguarding of Allah’s messenger as you acknowledged his actual rank, believed in his honesty, recognized his prophethood, realized the bliss of him, vouched for taking care of him, showed kindness to him, dedicated all your efforts to serving him, and decided on what would please him. I also bear witness that you took up faith and adhered to the most prominent religion while you are satisfied, pleased, pure, upright, pious, and immaculate. Allah may be pleased with you and may please you. May He decide Paradise to be your eternal abode. O Allah, (please do) send blessings upon Muhammad and the Household of Muhammad, grant me advantages on account of my visiting the tomb of her, make me abide by my love for her, do not deprive me of her intercession and the intercession of the Imams from her offspring, grant me companionship of her, and include me, on the Resurrection Day, with her group and the group of her immaculate descendants. O Allah, (please) do not decide this time of my visiting her tomb to be the last; rather, bestow upon me the favor of returning to visit her tomb as long as You keep me alive, and, when You grasp my soul, (please) add me to her group, and include me with those for whom she will intercede; (and let all that be) by Your mercy, O most merciful of all those who show mercy. O Allah, (I beseech You) in the name of her dignity and position with you, (to) forgive me, my parents, and all believing men and women, grant us good in this world and good in the Hereafter, and save us, in the name of Your mercy, from the chastisement of Hellfire.\r\n\r\nBefore you leave, you may offer a two unit prayer (i.e. salat al-ziyarah) and pray Allah for anything you want."
}