{
    "content": "DUA OF IMAM MEHDI\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus says: When you intend to leave the holy sanctuary of Imam al-Mahdi (‘a), you may return to the sublime vault and offer as many prayers as you wish therein. You may then stand up, turn your face towards the kiblah direction, and say this supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ ادْفَعْ عَنْ وَلِيِّكَ۔۔۔--You may then pray Almighty Allah as much as you can and leave with happiness, Allah willing.\r\n\r\nAs for Shaykh al-Tusi, he, in his book of Misbah al-Mutahajjid, reported this supplicatory prayer from Imam al-Rida (‘a) within the rites on Fridays. Hereinafter, I will record this supplicatory prayer according to the narration of Shaykh al-Tusi, who said:\r\n\r\nIt is narrated from Yunus ibn ‘Abd al-Rahman that Imam ‘Ali ibn Musa al-Rida, peace be upon him, used to order his companions and adherents to say the following supplicatory prayer for sake of Imam al-Mahdi. Besides, it is strongly recommended to say it after the ziyarah of Imam al-Mahdi, peace be upon him. The supplicatory prayer is as follows:\r\n\r\n--اَللّٰهُمَّ ادْفَعْ عَنْ وَلِيِّكَ وَخَلِيْفَتِكَ، وَحُجَّتِكَ عَلٰى خَلْقِكَ، وَلِسَانِكَ الْمُعَبِّرِ عَنْكَ، اَلنَّاطِقِ بِحِكْمَتِكَ، وَعَيْنِكَ  النَّاظِرَةِ باِذْنِكَ، وَشَاهِدِكَ عَلٰى عِبَادِكَ، الْجَحْجَاحِ  الْمُجَاهِدِ، الْعَاۤئِذِ بِكَ الْعَابِدِ عِنْدَكَ۔ وَاَعِذْهُ مِنْ شَرِّ جَمِيْعِ مَا خَلَقْتَ وَبَرَاْتَ، وَاَنْشَاْتَ  وَصَوَّرْتَ، وَاحْفَظْهُ مِنْ بَيْنِ يَدَيْهِ وَمِنْ خَلْفِهِ، وَعَنْ يَمِيْنِهِ  وَعَنْ شِمَالِهِ، وَمِنْ فَوْقِهِ وَمِنْ تَحْتِهِ بِحِفْظِكَ الَّذِيْ لَايَضِيْعُ  مَنْ حَفِظْتَهُ بِهِ، وَاحْفَظْ فِيْهِ رَسُوْلَكَ وَاٰبَاۤءَهُ، اَئِمَّتَكَ وَدَعَاۤئِمَ  دِيْنِكَ۔ وَاجْعَلْهُ فِيْ وَدِيْعَتِكَ الَّتِيْ لَاتَضِيْعُ، وَفِيْ جِوَارِكَ  الَّذِيْ لَايُخْفَرُ، وَفِيْ مَنْعِكَ وَعِزِّكَ الَّذِيْ لَايُقْهَرُ، وَاٰمِنْهُ  بِاَمَانِكَ الْوَثِيْقِ، الَّذِيْ لَايُخْذَلُ مَنْ اٰمَنْتَهُ بِهِ، وَاجْعَلْهُ فِيْ  كَنَفِكَ الَّذِيْ لَايُرَامُ مَنْ كَانَ فِيْهِ، وَانْصُرْهُ بِنَصْرِكَ الْعَزِيْزِ، وَاَيِّدْهُ بِجُنْدِكَ الْغَالِبِ، وَقَوِّهِ بِقُوَّتِكَ، وَاَرْدِفْهُ بِمَلَاۤئِكَتِكَ، وَوَالِ مَنْ وَالَاهُ، وَعَادِ مَنْ عَادَاهُ، وَاَلْبِسْهُ دِرْعَكَ الْحَصِيْنَةَ، وَحُفَّهُ بِالْمَلَاۤئِكَةِ حَفًّا۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اشْعَبْ بِهِ الصَّدْعَ، وَارْتُقْ بِهِ الْفَتْقَ، وَاَمِتْ بِهِ الْجَوْرَ، وَاَظْهِرْ بِهِ الْعَدْلَ، وَزَيِّنْ بِطُوْلِ بَقَاۤئِهِ  الْاَرْضَ، وَاَيِّدْهُ بِالنَّصْرِ، وَانْصُرْهُ بِالرُّعْبِ، وَقَوِّ نَاصِرِيْهِ، وَاخْذُلْ خَاذِلِيْهِ، وَدَمْدِمْ مَنْ نَصَبَ لَهُ، وَدَمِّرْ مَنْ غَشَّهُ۔ وَاقْتُلْ بِهِ جَبَابِرَةَ الْكُفْرِ، وَعَمَدَهُ وَدَعَاۤئِمَهُ، وَاقْصِمْ بِهِ  رُؤُوْسَ الضَّلَالَةِ وَشَارِعَةَ الْبِدَعِ، وَمُمِيْتَةَ السُّنَّةِ، وَمُقَوِّيَةَ الْبَاطِلِ، وَذَلِّلْ بِهِ الْجَبَّارِيْنَ، وَاَبِرْ بِهِ الْكَافِرِيْنَ وَجَمِيْعَ  الْمُلْحِدِيْنَ، فِيْ مَشَارِقِ الْاَرْضِ وَمَغَارِبِهَا، وَبَرِّهَا وَبَحْرِهَا، وَسَهْلِهَا وَجَبَلِهَا، حَتّٰى لَاتَدَعَ مِنْهُمْ دَيَّارًا، وَلَاتُبْقِيَ لَهُمْ  اٰثارًا۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ طَهِّرْ مِنْهُمْ بِلَادَكَ، وَاشْفِ مِنْهُمْ عِبَادَكَ، وَاَعِزَّ بِهِ الْمُؤْمِنِيْنَ، وَاَحْيِ بِهِ سُنَنَ الْمُرْسَلِيْنَ، وَدَارِسَ حُكْمِ النَّبِيِّيْنَ، وَجَدِّدْ بِهِ مَا امْتَحٰى مِنْ دِيْنِكَ، وَبُدِّلَ مِنْ حُكْمِكَ، حَتّٰى تُعِيْدَ دِيْنَكَ بِهِ، وَعَلٰى يَدَيْهِ جَدِيْدًا غَضًّا مَحْضًا صَحِيْحًا، لَاعِوَجَ فِيْهِ، وَلَا بِدْعَةَ مَعَهُ، وَحَتّٰى تُنِيْرَ بِعَدْلِهِ ظُلَمَ الْجَوْرِ، وَتُطْفِئَ بِهِ نِيْرَانَ الْكُفْرِ، وَتُوْضِحَ بِهِ مَعَاقِدَ الْحَقِّ وَمَجْهُوْلَ  الْعَدْلِ۔ فَاِنَّهُ عَبْدُكَ الَّذِيْ اسْتَخْلَصْتَهُ لِنَفْسِكَ، وَاصْطَفَيْتَهُ عَلٰى غَيْبِكَ، وَعَصَمْتَهُ مِنَ الذُّنُوْبِ، وَبَرَاْتَهُ مِنَ الْعُيُوْبِ، وَطَهَّرْتَهُ مِنَ  الرِّجْسِ، وَسَلَّمْتَهُ مِنَ الدَّنَسِ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ فَاِنَّا نَشْهَدُ لَهُ يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ، وَيَوْمَ حُلُوْلِ الطَّآمَّةِ، اَنَّهُ لَمْ يُذْنِبْ ذَنْبًا وَلَاۤ اَتٰى حُوْبًا، وَلَمْ يَرْتَكِبْ مَعْصِيَةً، وَلَمْ يُضَيِّعْ لَكَ طَاعَةً، وَلَمْ يَهْتِكْ لَكَ حُرْمَةً، وَلَمْ يُبَدِّلْ لَكَ  فَرِيْضَةً، وَلَمْ يُغَيِّرْ لَكَ شَرِيْعَةً، وَاَنَّهُ الْهَادِى الْمُهْتَدِيْ الطَّاهِرُ التَّقِيُّ النَّقِيُّ الرَّضِيُّ الزَّكِيُّ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَعْطِهِ فِيْ نَفْسِهِ وَاَهْلِهِ، وَوَلَدِهِ وَذُرِّيَّتِهِ، وَاُمَّتِهِ  وَجَمِيْعِ رَعِيَّتِهِ، مَا تُقِرُّ بِهِ عَيْنَهُ، وَتَسُرُّ بِهِ نَفْسَهُ، وَتَجْمَعَ لَهُ  مُلْكَ الْمُمْلَكَاتِ كُلِّهَا، قَرِيْبِهَا وَبَعِيْدِهَا، وَعَزِيْزِهَا وَذَلِيْلِهَا، حَتّٰى تُجْرِيَ حُكْمُهُ عَلٰى كُلِّ حُكْمٍ، وَتَغْلِبَ بِحَقِّهِ عَلٰي كُلِّ بَاطِلٍ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ اسْلُكْ بِنَا عَلٰى يَدَيْهِ مِنْهَاجَ الْهُدٰى، وَالْمَحَجَّةَ الْعُظْمٰى، وَالطَّرِيْقَةَ الْوُسْطٰى، الَّتِيْ يَرْجِعُ اِلَيْهَا الْغَالِيْ، وَيَلْحَقُ بِهَا التَّالِيْ، وَقَوِّنَا عَلٰى طَاعَتِهِ، وَثَبِّتْنَا عَلٰى مُشَايَعَتِهِ، وَامْنُنْ عَلَيْنَا بِمُتَابَعَتِهِ، وَاجْعَلْنَا فِيْ حِزْبِهِ الْقَوَّامِيْنَ بِاَمْرِهِ، الصَّابِرِيْنَ مَعَهُ، الطَّالِبِيْنَ رِضَاكَ بِمُنَاصَحَتِهِ، حَتّٰى تَحْشُرَنَا يَوْمَ الْقِيَامَةِ فِيۤ اَنْصَارِهِ وَاَعْوَانِهِ وَمُقَوِّيَةِ سُلْطَانِهِ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ وَاجْعَلْ ذٰلِكَ لَنَا خَالِصًا مِنْ كُلِّ شَكٍّ وَشُبْهَةٍوَرِيَاۤءٍ وَسُمْعَةٍ، حَتّٰى لَانَعْتَمِدَ بِهِ غَيْرَكَ، وَلَانَطْلُبَ بِهِ الَّاوَجْهَكَ، وَحَتّٰى تُحِلَّنَا مَحَلَّهُ، وَتَجْعَلَنَا فِي الْجَنَّةِ مَعَهُ، وَاَعِذْنَا مِنَ السَّاْمَةِ وَالْكَسَلِ وَالْفَتْرَةِ، وَاجْعَلْنَا مِمَّنْ تَنْتَصِرُبِهِ لِدِيْنِكَ، وَتُعِزُّ بِهِ نَصْرَ وَلِيِّكَ، وَلَاتَسْتَبْدِلْ بِنَا غَيْرَنَا، فَاِنَّ  اسْتِبْدَالَكَ بِنَا غَيْرَنَا عَلَيْكَ يَسِيْرٌ، وَهُوَ عَلَيْنَا كَثِيْرٌ۔ اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى وُلَاةِ عَهْدِهِ، وَالْاَئِمَّةِ مِنْ بَعْدِهِ، وَبَلِّغْهُمْ اٰمَالَهُمْ، وَزِدْ فِيۤ اٰجَالِهِمْ، وَاَعِزَّ نَصْرَهُمْ، وَتَمِّمْ لَهُمْ  مَاۤ اَسْنَدْتَ اِلَيْهِمْ مِنْ اَمْرِكَ لَهُمْ، وَثَبِّتْ دَعَاۤئِمَهُمْ، وَاجْعَلْنَا لَهُمْ اَعْوَانًا، وَعَلٰى دِيْنِكَ اَنْصَارًا، فَاِنَّهُمْ مَعَادِنُ كَلِمَاتِكَ وَخُزَّانُ عِلْمَكَ وَاَرْكَانُ تَوْحِيْدِكَ، وَدَعَاۤئِمُ دِيْنِكَ، وَوُلَاةُ اَمْرِكَ، وَخَالِصَتُكَ  مِنْ عِبَادِكَ، وَصَفْوَتُكَ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ، وَاَوْلِيَاۤئُكَ وَسَلَاۤئِلُ  اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ، وَصَفْوَةُ اَوْلَادِ نَبِيِّكَ، وَالسَّلَامُ عَلَيْهِ وَ عَلَيْهِمْ وَرَحْمَةُ اللهِ  وَبَرَكاتُهُ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "DUA OF IMAM MEHDI\r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus says: When you intend to leave the holy sanctuary of Imam alMahdi (‘a), you may return to the sublime vault and offer as many prayers as you wish therein. You may then stand up, turn your face towards the kiblah direction, and say this supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO Allah, defend Your vicegerent... etc.\r\n\r\nYou may then pray Almighty Allah as much as you can and leave with happiness, Allah willing.\r\n\r\nAs for Shaykh alTusi, he, in his book of Misbah alMutahajjid, reported this supplicatory prayer from Imam alRida (‘a) within the rites on Fridays. Hereinafter, I will record this supplicatory prayer according to the narration of Shaykh alTusi, who said:\r\n\r\nIt is narrated from Yunus ibn ‘Abd alRahman that Imam ‘Ali ibn Musa alRida, peace be upon him, used to order his companions and adherents to say the following supplicatory prayer for sake of Imam alMahdi. Besides, it is strongly recommended to say it after the ziyarah of Imam alMahdi, peace be upon him. The supplicatory prayer is as follows:\r\n\r\nO Allah, (please do) defend Your vicegerent, representative, decisive argument against Your creatures, and mouthpiece who speaks on behalf of You and speaks with Your wisdom, Your eye that sees with Your permission, Your witness on Your servants, the magnanimous master, the striver (for the sake of Allah), the seeker of Your shelter, and the full worshipper in Your measures. Keep him safe from the evils of all that which You created, originated, established, and formed. And protect him from the sides of his front, his back, his right, his left, above him, and beneath him, with Your safety that preserves from any loss. And safeguard through him Your Messenger and his fathers; the Imams appointed by You and the pillars of Your religion. And place him in Your deposit that is never lost, in Your vicinity that is never violated, and in Your protection and almightiness that are never defeated. And secure him by Your well-firmed security that does not forsake whoever takes asylum in it. And make him under Your protection that saves whoever is put under it from any harm. Grant him Your insuperable victory, aid him with Your overcoming troops, strengthen him with Your strength, put Your angels at his disposal, support whoever supports him, be the enemy of whoever opposes him, dress him Your fortified armor, and make the angels surround him totally. O Allah, through him patch up the differences of opinion, bring into order confusion, eradicate oppression, manifest justice, adorn the earth by a lengthy life for him, support him with victory, grant him triumph by means of horror, reinforce his supporters, thwart his disappointers, crush those who lay traps for him, destroy those who cheat him, kill the tyrants, pillars, and supports of infidelity at his hands, uproot the heads of deviation, the innovators of heresies, the eradicators of the Prophetic traditions, and the backers of wrong, humiliate the haughty tyrants, terminate the infidels and all atheists wherever they are—in the east or the west of the earth or in lands or oceans, or in plains or on mountains, until You will not leave a single one of them and You will not leave a single trace of them. O Allah, clear up Your lands from them, heal your servants’ hearts from them, consolidate the faithful believers through him, revive the norms of the Messengers and the obliterated rules of the Prophets, and renew the signs of Your religion that were erased and Your Judgements that were distorted; until you rekindle Your religion through him and at his hands as well-defined, pure, and sound as it is; free from loopholes and heresies, and until You illumine the murk of unfairness by means of his justice, extinguish the fires of atheism though him, and elucidate the positions of truth and the justice that will have been unknown. He is verily Your servant whom You have saved for Yourself, chosen for keeping the unseen matters of You, protected against sins, cleaned from any defect, purified from filth, and kept sound against dirt. O Allah, we will verily testify to him on the Day of Resurrection and on the day when the overwhelming event comes that he did not commit any single sin, nor did he practice any unlawful thing, nor did he do any act of disobedience (to You), nor did he miss any act of obedience (to You), nor did he violate any inviolable thing, nor did he distort any precept, nor did he change any law. And, moreover, he is verily the guiding, the rightly guided, the pure, the pious, the immaculate, the approved, and the bright. O Allah, give him what he wishes regarding his own self his family, his sons, his offspring, his nation, and all of his subjects in such a way that makes him delighted and pleased in himself, and makes You put under his sphere of influence all kingdoms; the near and the remote, and the powerful and the weak so that You will cause his rule to prevail over . every rule and his right (issue) to overcome the entire wrongness. O Allah, lead us at his hands to the course of guidance, the greatest Path, and the equitable way of life to which those who had gone too far will come back (repentant) and those who had fallen down will catch up. And (please) encourage us to carry out acts of obedience to him, make us stand firmly in following him, endue us with the favor of adherence to him, and include us with his group who achieve his commands, act steadfastly towards him, and seek Your pleasure by means of acting sincerely to him, so that You will gather us on the Resurrection Day with his supporters, backers, and those who consolidate his authority. O Allah, make us do all these things free from any doubt, confusion, ostentation, and seeking of reputation so that we will rely upon none save You and seek none save Your sake and that You will put us up in his vicinity and place us with him in Paradise. And (please) protect us against weariness, laziness and lethargy and include us with those whom You take up for backing Your religion and for increasing the victory of Your vicegerent. Do not put others in our places, because it is easy for You to put others in our places, but it is extremely difficult for us if You do it. O Allah, send blessings upon his representatives and the leaders after him, make them attain their wishes, increase their lifetimes, support their victory, make perfect for them Your orders that You bid them to carry out, strengthen their pillars, and make us their helpers and supporters of Your religion. They are the essence of Your Words, the hoarders of Your knowledge, the pillars of the profession of Your Oneness, the posts of Your religion, the authorities of Your commands, the choices over Your servants, the well-chosen ones from among Your creatures, the vicegerents of You, the offspring of Your vicegerents, and the selected descendants of Your Prophet. Peace be upon him and them. Allah’s mercy and blessings, too, be upon them."
}