{
    "content": "--اَللّٰهُمَّ صَلِّ عَلٰى وَلِيِّكَ وَ ابْنِ اَوْلِيَاۤئِكَ الَّذِيْنَ فَرَضْتَ طَاعَتَهُمْ وَ اَوْجَبْتَ حَقَّهُمْ وَ اَذْهَبْتَ عَنْهُمُ الرِّجْسَ وَ طَهَّرْتَهُمْ تَطْهِيْرًا اَللّٰهُمَّ انْصُرْهُ وَ انْتَصِرْ بِهِ لِدِيْنِكَ وَ انْصُرْ بِهِ اَوْلِيَاۤءَكَ وَ اَوْلِيَاۤءَهُ وَ شِيْعَتَهُ وَ اَنْصَارَهُ وَ اجْعَلْنَا مِنْهُمْ اَللّٰهُمَّ اَعِذْهُ مِنْ شَرِّ كُلِّ بَاغٍ وَ طَاغٍ وَ مِنْ شَرِّ جَمِيْعِ خَلْقِكَ وَ احْفَظْهُ مِنْ بَيْنِ يَدَيْهِ وَ مِنْ خَلْفِهِ وَ عَنْ يَمِيْنِهِ وَ عَنْ شِمَالِهِ وَ احْرُسْهُ وَ امْنَعْهُ اَنْ يُوْصَلَ اِلَيْهِ بِسُوْۤءٍ وَ احْفَظْ فِيْهِ رَسُوْلَكَ وَ اٰلَ رَسُوْلِكَ وَ اَظْهِرْ بِهِ الْعَدْلَ وَ اَيِّدْهُ بِالنَّصْرِ وَ انْصُرْ نَاصِرِيْهِ وَ اخْذُلْ خَاذِلِيْهِ وَ اقْصِمْ بِهِ جَبَابِرَةَ الْكُفْرِ وَ اقْتُلْ بِهِ الْكُفَّارَ وَ الْمُنَافِقِيْنَ وَ جَمِيْعَ الْمُلْحِدِيْنَ حَيْثُ كَانُوْا مِنْ مَشَارِقِ الْاَرْضِ وَ مَغَارِبِهَا وَ بَرِّهَا وَ بِحْرِهَا وَ امْلَأْ بِهِ الْاَرْضَ عَدْلًا وَاَظْهِرْ بِهِ دِيْنَ نَبِيِّكَ عَلَيْهِ وَ اٰلِهِ السَّلَامُ وَ اجْعَلْنِي اللّٰهُمَّ مِنْ اَنْصَارِهِ وَ اَعْوَانِهِ وَ اَتْبَاعِهِ وَ شِيْعَتِهِ وَ اَرِنِيْ فِيۤ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ مَا يَأْمُلُوْنَ وَ فِيْ عَدُوِّهِمْ مَا يَحْذَرُوْنَ اِلٰهَ الْحَقِّ اٰمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "O Allah, bless Your vicegerent and the son of Your vicegerents the obedience to whom You have made incumbent upon us, the observance of whose right You have made obligatory, from whom You have removed filth, and whom You have purified with thorough purifying. O Allah, give him victory and make him the supporter of Your religion and through him, give victory to Your and his adherents, followers, and backers, and include us with them. O Allah, protect him against the evil of every transgressor and tyrant and against the evils of all Your creatures. Guard him from ahead of him, behind him, his right side, and his left side. Watch him and defend him against anything that may cause evil to him. Save through him Your Messenger and the family of Your Messenger. Manifest justice through him. Aid him with victory. Help his backers. Frustrate those who intend to disappoint him. And, through him, terminate the tyrants of unbelief, kill the disbelievers, hypocrites, and all atheists, wherever they are; in the east or the west of the earth, on the lands or in the oceans, and, through him, fill in the earth with justice, manifest the religion of Your Prophet, peace be upon him and his Household, make me, O Allah, of his supporters, helpers, followers, and adherents, allow me to see what the family of Muhammad hope come true and what their enemies anticipate come true. O God of Truth, respond."
}