{
    "content": "ISTEGHFAR-E-MAUJIZ-E-AASAA\r\n\r\nImam Husain (a.s.) said : one day I was sitting with my father when an Arab man came to meet him and said o commander of the faithful: I am a family man. I don't have means to raise them. O my Arab brother, why is it that you don't seek too much forgiveness that your condition becomes good. The Arab man said o commander of the faithfuls, I have done too much penance, but there is no change in my life. Then Imam recited to him the ayat of Surah-e-Nooh 10-12\r\n\r\n--اسْتَغْفِرُوا رَبَّكُمْ إِنَّهُ كَانَ غَفَّارًا (10) يُرْسِلِ السَّمَاءَ عَلَيْكُم مِّدْرَارًا (11) وَيُمْدِدْكُم بِأَمْوَالٍ وَبَنِينَ وَيَجْعَل لَّكُمْ جَنَّاتٍ وَيَجْعَل لَّكُمْ أَنْهَارًا (12)--Ask forgiveness of your Lord, surely He is the most Forgiving. He will send down upon you the cloud, pouring down abundance of rain. And help you with wealth and sons, and make for you gardens, and make for you rivers.\r\n\r\nThen Imam (a.s.) continued to say that I will give you an penance that you must recite before sleeping. If you recite every night before sleeping this penance than Allah will increase your sustenance.\r\n\r\nImam Husain (a.s.) says: Then my father wrote it down and while giving said again, whenever you go on the bed with the in tension of sleeping than read this penance in the state of crying. And if tears do not come than at least make a crying face.\r\n\r\nImam Husain (a.s.) says : One year later the Arab came back and said, \"O Ameer-e-Momeneen you had said the truth. I have so many camels and cattle that now I don't have space to tie them.\"\r\n\r\nImam Ali (a.s.): I swear by the Allah who has made appointed the prophet, whosoever recites this penance and seeks forgiveness from Allah, he shall be forgiven and his legitimate desires will be fulfilled. And by the blessing of the penance he will be granted more children and wealth.\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِیْمِ--(1) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ مِنْ كُلِّ ذَنْبٍ قَوِيَ عَلَيْهِ بَدَنِيْ بِعَافِيَتِكَ، اَوْ نَالَتْهُ قُدْرَتِيْ بِفَضْلِ نِعْمَتِكَ، اَوْ بَسَطْتُ اِلَيْهِ يَدِيْ بِسَابِغِ رِزْقِكَ، اَوِ اتَّكَلَتْ فِيْهِ عِنْدَ خَوْفِيْ مِنْهُ عَلٰي آنَاتِكَ، اَوِ احْتَجَبْتُ فِيْهِ مِنَ النَّاسِ بِسِتْرِكَ، اَوْ وَثِقْتُ مِنْ سَطْوَتِكَ عَلَيَّ فِيْهِ بِحِلْمِكَ، اَو عَوَّلْتُ فِيْهِ عَلٰى كَرَمِ عَفْوِكَ۔--(2) اَللّٰهُمَّ انِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ مِنْ كُلِّ ذَنْبٍ خُنْتُ فِيْهِ اَمَانَتِيْ، اَوْ بَخَّسْتُ بِفِعْلِهٖ نَفْسِيْ، اَوِ احْتَطَبْتُ بِهٖ عَلٰي بَدَنِيْ، اَوْ قَدَّمْتُ فِيْهِ لَذَّتِيْ، اَوْ آثَرْتُ فِيْهِ شَهْوَتِيْ، اَوْ سَعَيْتُ فِيْهِ لِغَيْرِيْ، اَوِ اسْتَغْوَيْتُ اِلَيْهِ مَنْ تَبِعَنِيْ، اَوْ كَايَدْتُ فِيْهِ مَنْ مَنَعَنِيْ، اَوْ قَهَرْتُ عَلَيْهِ مَنْ عَادَانِيْ، اَوْ غَلَبْتُ عَلَيْهِ بِفَضْلِ حِيْلَتِيْ، اَوْ اَحَلْتُ عَلَيْكَ مَوْلَايَ، فَلَمْ تَغْلِبْنِيْ عَلٰى فِعْلِيْ، اِذْ كُنْتَ كَارِهًا لِمَعْصِيَتِيْ فَحَلُمْتَ عَنِّىْ، لٰكِنْ سَبَقَ عِلْمُكَ فِيَّ بِفِعْلِىْ ذٰلِكَ، لَمْ تُدْخِلْنِيْ يَا رَبِّ فِيْهِ جَبْرًا، وَلَمْ تَحْمِلْنِيْ عَلَيْهِ قَهْرًا، وَلَمْ تَظْلِمْنِيْ فِيْهٍ شَيْئًا، فَاَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لَهٗ وَلِجَمِيْعِ ذُنُوْبِيْ۔--(3) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ مِنْ كُلِّ ذَنْبٍ تُبْتُ اِلَيْكَ مِنْهُ، وَاَقْدَمْتُ عَلٰي فِعْلِهٖ فَاسْتَحْيَيْتُ مِنْكَ وَاَنَا عَلَيْهِ، وَ رَهِبْتُكَ وَاَنَا فِيْهِ تَعَاطَيْتُهٗ وَعُدْتُ اِلَيْهِ۔--(4) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ كَتَبْتَهٗ عَلَيَّ بِسَبَبِ خَيْرٍ اَرَدْتُ بِهٖ وَجْهَكَ فَخَالَطَنِيْ فِيْهِ سِوَاكَ، وَشَارَكَ فِعْلِيْ مَالَا يَخْلُصُ لَكَ، اَوْ وَجَبَ عَلَيَّ مَا اَرَدْتَ بِهٖ سِوَاكَ، وَكَثِيْرُ مِنْ فِعْلِيْ مَا يَكُوْنُ كَذٰلِكَ۔--(5) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ مِنْ كُلِّ ذَنْبٍ تَوَرَّكَ عَلَيَّ بِسَبَبِ عَهْدٍ عَاهَدْتُكَ عَلَيْهِ، اَوْ عَقْدٍ عَقَدْتُهٗ لَكَ، اَوْ ذِمَّةٍ وَاثَقْتُ بِهَا مِنْ اَجْلِكَ لِاَحَدٍ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ، ثُمَّ نَقَضْتُ ذٰلِكَ مِنْ غَيْرِ ضَرُوْرَةٍ لَزِمْتَنِيْ فِيْهِ، بَلِ اسْتَزَلَّنِيْ اِلَيْهِ عَنِ الْوَفَاءِ بِهِ الْاَشَرُ، وَمَنَعَنِيْ عَنْ رِعَايَتِهِ الْبَصَرُ۔--(6) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ رَهِبْتُ فِيْهِ مِنْ عِبَادِكَ، وَخِفْتُ فِيْهِ غَيْرَكَ وَاسْتَحْيَيْتُ فِيْهِ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ ثُمَّ اَفْضَيْتَ بِهٖ فِعْلِيْ اِلَيْكَ۔--(7) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ اَقْدَمْتُ عَلَيْهِ وَاَنَا مُسْتَيْقِنٌ اَنَّكَ تُعَاقِبُ عَلَي ارْتِكَابِهٖ فَارْتَكَبْتُهٗ۔--(8) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ قَدَّمْتُ فِيْهِ شَهْوَتِي عَلٰي طَاعِتِكَ وَ آثَرْتُ مَحَبَّتِيْ عَلٰي اَمْرِكَ، وَ اَرْضَيْتُ فِيْهِ نَفْسِيْ بٍسَخَطِكَ، وَقَدْ نَهَيْتَنِيْ عَنْهُ بِنَهْيِكَ، وَتَقَدَّمْتَ اِلَيَّ فِيْهِ بِاِعْذَارِكَ، وَاحْتَجَجْتَ عَلَيَّ فِيْهِ بِوَعِيْدِكَ۔--(9) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ مِنْ كُلِّ ذَنْبٍ عَلِمْتُهٗ مِنْ نَفْسِيْ، اَوْ ذَهَلْتُهٗ اَوْ نَسَيْتُهٗ، اَوْ تَعَمَّدْتُهٗ اَوْ اَخْطَاتُهٗ، مِمَّا لَا اَشُكُّ اَنَّكَ سَائِلِيْ عَنْهُ، وَاَنَّ نَفْسِيْ مُرْتَهَنَةٌ بِهٖ لَدَيْكَ، وَاِنْ كُنْتُ قَدْ نَسِيْتُهٗ اَوْ غَفَلَتْ نَفْسِيْ عَنْهُ۔--(10) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ وَاجَهْتُكَ بِهٖ، وَقَدْ اَيْقَنْتُ اَنَّكَ تَرَانِيْ وَاَغْفَلْتُ اَنْ اَتُوْبَ اِلَيْكَ مِنْهُ، اَوْ نَسِيْتُ اَتُوْبَ اِلَيْكَ مِنْهُ، اَوْ نَسِيْتُ اَنْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لَهٗ۔--(11) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ دَخَلْتُ فِيْهِ، وَاَحْسَنْتُ ظَنِّيْ بِكَ اَنْ لَّا تُعَذِّبْنِيْ عَلَيْهِ، وَاَنَّكَ تَكْفِيْنِيْ مِنْهُ۔--(12) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبِ نِاسْتَوْجَبْتُ بِهٖ مِنْكَ رَدَّ الدُّعَاءِ، وَحِرْمَانَ الْاِجَابَةِ، وَخَيْبَةَ الطَّمَعِ، وَالنْفِسَاخَ الرَّجَاءِ۔--(13) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ يُعَقِّبُ الْحَسْرَةَ، وَيُوْرِثُ النَّدَامَةَ وَيَحْبِسُ الرِّزْقَ، وَيَرُدُّ الدُّعَاءِ۔--(14) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ يُوْرِثُ الْاَسْقَامَ، وَيُعَقِّبُ الضَّنَاءَ وَيُوْجِبُ النِّقَمَ، وَيَكُوْنُ آخِرُهٗ حَسْرَةً وَّنَدَامَةً۔--(15) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ مِنْ كُلِّ ذَنْبٍ مَدَحْتُهٗ بِلِسَانِيْ، اَوْ هَشَّتْ اِلَيْهِ نَفْسِيْ، اَوِ اكْتَسَبْتُهٗ بِيَدِيْ وَهُوَ عِنْدَكَ قَبِيْحٌ تُعَاقِبُ عَلٰي مِثْلِهٖ وَتَمْقُتْ مَنْ عَمِلَهٗ۔--(16) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ خَلَوْتُ بِهٖ فِي لَيْلٍ اَوْ نَهَارٍ، حَيْثُ لَا يَرَانِيْ اَحَدٌ مِنْ خَلْقِكَ، فَمِلْتُ فِيْهِ مِنْ تَرْكِهٖ بِخَوْفِكَ، اِلَى ارْتِكَابِهٖ بِحُسْنِ الظَّنِّ بِكَ، فَسَوَّلَتْ لِيْ نَفْسِيَ الْاِقْدَامَ عَلَيْهِ فَوَاقَعْتُهٗ، وَاَنَا عَارِفٌ بِمَعْصِيَتِيْ لَكَ فِيْهِ۔--(17) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبِ نِاسْتَقْلَلْتُهٗ، اَوِ اسْتَصْغَرْتُهٗ، اَوِ اسْتَعْظَمْتُهٗ وَتَوَرَّطْتُ فِيْهِ۔--(18) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ مَالَئْتُ فِيْهِ عَلٰي اَحَدٍ مِنْ بَرِيَّتِكَ، اَوْ زَيِّنَتُهٗ لِنَفْسِيْ اَوْ مَاتُ بِهٖ اِلٰي غَيْرِيْ، وَدَلَلْتُ عَلَيْهِ سِوَايَ، اَوْ اَصْرَرْتُ عَلَيْهِ بِعَمَدِيْ، اَوْ اَقَمْتُ عَلَيْهِ بِحِيْلَتِيْ۔--(19) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبِ  نِاسْتَعَنْتُ عَلَيْهِ بِحِيْلَتِيْ بِشَيْءٍ مِمَّا يُرَادُ بِهٖ وَجْهَكَ، اَوْ يُسْتَظْهَرُ بِمِثْلِهٖ عَلٰي طَاعَتِكَ، اَوْ يُتَقَرَّبُ بِمِثْلِهٖ اِلَيْكَ، وَوَارَيْتُ عَنِ النَّاسِ وَلَبَّسْتُ فِيْهِ، كَاَنِّيْ اَرِيْدُكَ بِحِيْلَتِيْ وَالْمُرَادُ بِهٖ مَعْصِيَتُكَ، وَالْهَوٰي فِيْهِ مُتَصَرِّفٌ عَلٰي غَيْرِ طَاعَتِكَ۔--(20) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ كَتَبْتَهٗ عَلَيَّ بِسَبَبِ عُجْبٍ، كَانَ بِنَفْسِيْ اَوْ رِيَاءٍ اَوْ سُمْعَةٍ، اَوْ خُيَلَاءَ اَوْ فَرَحٍ، اَوْ اَشَرٍ، اَوْ بَطَرٍ، اَوْ حِقْدٍ، اَوْ حَمِيَّةٍ، اَوْ غَضَبٍ، اَوْ رِضًي، اَوْ شُحٍّ، اَوْ بُخْلٍ، اَوْ ظُلْمٍ، اَوْ خِيَانَةٍ، اَوْ سِرْقَةٍ، اَوْ نَوْعٍ مِنْ اَنْوَاعِ مَا يُكْتَسَبُ بِمِثْلِهِ الذُّنُوْبُ وَيَكُوْنُ بِاجْتِرَاحِهِ الْعَطْبُ۔--(21) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ سَبَقَ فِي عِلْمِكَ اَنِّيْ فَاعِلُهٗ فَدَخَلْتُ فِيْهِ بِشَهْوَتِي، وَاجْتَرَحْتُهٗ بِاِرِادَتِي وَقَارَفْتُهٗ بِمَحَبَّتِيْ وَلَذَّتِيْ وَمَشِيَّتِيْ، وَشِئْتُهٗ اِذْ شِئْتَ اَنْ اَشَائَهٗ، وَاَرَدْتُهٗ اِذْ اَرَدْتَ اَنْ اُرِيْدَهٗ، فَعَمِلْتُهٗ اِذْ كَانَ فِيْ قَدِيْمِ تَقْدِيْرِكَ وَنَافِظِ عِلْمِكَ اَنِّيْ فَاعِلُهٗ، لَمْ تُدْخِلْنِيْ فِيْهِ جَبْرًا، وَلَمْ تَحْمِلْنِيْ عَلَيْهِ قَهْرًا، وَلَمْ تَظْلِمْنِيْ فِيْهِ شَيْئًا، فَاسْتَغْفِرُكَ لَهٗ وَلِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ جَرٰي بِهٖ عِلْمُكَ عَلَيَّ وَفِيَّ اِلٰي آخِرِ عُمْرِيْ۔--(22) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ مَالَ بِسَخَطِيْ فِيْهِ عَنْ رِضَاكَ، وَمَالَتْ نَفْسِيْ اِلٰي رِضَاكَ فَسَخِطْتُهٗ، اَوْ رَهِبْتُ فِيْهِ سِوَاكَ، اَوْ عَادَيْتُ فِيْهِ اَوْلِيَائَكَ اَوْ وَالَيْتُ فِيْهِ اَعْدَائَكَ، اَوِ اخْتَرْتُهُمْ عَلٰي اَصْفِيَائِكَ، اَوْ خَذَلْتُ فِيْهِ اَحِبَّائَكَ، اَوْ قَصَّرْتُ فِيْهِ عَنْ رِضَاكَ يَا خَيْرَ الْغَافِرِيْنَ۔--(23) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ ذَنْبٍ تُبْتُ اِلَيْكَ مِنْهُ ثُمَّ عُدْتُ فِيْهِ۔--(24) وَاَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِمَا اَعْطَيْتُكَ مِنْ نَفْسِيْ ثُمَّ لَمْ اَفِ بِهٖ۔--(25) وَاَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِلنَّعْمَةِ الَّتِيْ اَنْعَمْتَ بِهَا عَلَيَّ فَقَوَيْتُ بِهَا عَلٰي مَعْصِيَتِكَ۔--(26) وَاَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِكُلِّ خَيْرٍ اَرَدْتُ بِهٖ وَجْهَكَ فَخَالَطَنِيْ مَا لَيْسَ لَكَ۔--(27) وَاَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِمَا دَعَانِيْ اِلَيْهِ الرُّخَصَ فِيْمَا اشْتَبَهٗ عَلَيَّ مِمَّا هُوَ عِنْدَكَ حَرَامٌ۔--(28) وَاَسْتَغْفِرُكَ لِلذُّنُوْبِ الَّتِيْ لَا يَعْلَمُهَا غَيْرُكَ، وَلَا يَطَّلِعُ عَلَيْهَا سِوَاكَ، وَلَا يَحْتَمِلُهَا اِلَّا حِلْمُكَ، وَلَا يَسَعُهَا اِلَّا عَفْوُكَ۔--(29) وَاَسْتَغْفِرُكَ وَاَتُوْبُ اِلَيْكَ مِنْ مَظَالِمِ كَثِيْرَةٍ لِعِبَادِكَ قِبَلِيْ، يَا رَبِّ فَلَمْ اَسْتَطِعْ رَدَّهَا عَلَيْهِمْ وَتَحْلِيْلَهَا مِنْهُمْ، اَوْ شَهِدُوْا فَاسْتَحْيَيْتُ مِنِ اسْتِحْلاَلِهِمْ وَالطَّلَبِ اِلَيْهِمْ وَاِعْلاَمِهِمْ ذٰلِكَ، وَاَنْتَ الْقَادِرُ عَلٰي اَنْ تَسْتَوْهِبَنِيْ مِنْهُمْ وَتُرْضِيَهُمْ عَنِّيْ كَيْفَ شِئْتَ وَبِمَا شِئْتَ يَا اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ، وَاَحْكَمَ الْحَاكِمِيْنَ وَخَيْرَ الْغَافِرِيْنَ۔--(30) اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّيْ اِسْتَغْفَارِيْ اِيَّاكَ مَعَ الْاِصْرَارِ لُؤْمٌ، وَتَرْكِيَ الْاِسْتِغْفَارَ مَعَ مَعْرِفَتِيْ بِسِعَةِ جُوْدِكَ وَرَحْمَتِكَ عَجْزٌ، فَكَمْ تَتَحَبَّبُ اِلَيَّ يَا رَبِّ وَاَنْتَ الْغَنِيُّ عَنِّيْ، وَكَمْ اَتَبَغَّضُ اِلَيْكَ وَاَنَا الْفَقِيْرُ اِلَيْكَ وَاِلٰي رَحْمَتَكَ، فَيَا مَنْ وَعَدَ فَوَفَا، وَاَوْعَدَ فَعَفَا، اِغْفِرْلِيْ خَطَاياَيَ، وَاعْفُ وَارْحَمْ وَاَنْتَ خَيْرُ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "ISTEGHFAR-E-MAUJIZ-E-AASAA\r\n\r\nImam Husain (a.s.) said : one day I was sitting with my father when an Arab man came to meet him and said o commander of the faithful: I am a family man. I don't have means to raise them. O my Arab brother, why is it that you don't seek too much forgiveness that your condition becomes good. The Arab man said o commander of the faithfuls, I have done too much penance, but there is no change in my life. Then Imam recited to him the ayat of Surah-e-Nooh 10-12\r\n\r\nAsk forgiveness of your Lord, surely He is the most Forgiving. He will send down upon you the cloud, pouring down abundance of rain. And help you with wealth and sons, and make for you gardens, and make for you rivers.\r\n\r\nThen Imam (a.s.) continued to say that I will give you an penance that you must recite before sleeping. If you recite every night before sleeping this penance than Allah will increase your sustenance.\r\n\r\nImam Husain (a.s.) says: Then my father wrote it down and while giving said again, whenever you go on the bed with the in tension of sleeping than read this penance in the state of crying. And if tears do not come than at least make a crying face.\r\n\r\nImam Husain (a.s.) says : One year later the Arab came back and said, \"O Ameer-e-Momeneen you had said the truth. I have so many camels and cattle that now I don't have space to tie them.\"\r\n\r\nImam Ali (a.s.): I swear by the Allah who has made appointed the prophet, whosoever recites this penance and seeks forgiveness from Allah, he shall be forgiven and his legitimate desires will be fulfilled. And by the blessing of the penance he will be granted more children and wealth.\r\n\r\n1) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which I have committed while being in comfort and peace and from those sins which I have committed due to excess of bounties which you showered upon me and from those sins which I have committed due to increase in sustenance and from those sins which I should have been afraid of but I did not refrain from it since I was aware of your forbearance and from those sins which you did not expose to the people and from those sins which I have committed since I was sure that it would not be spread by you and from those sins concerning which I relied on your forgiveness۔\r\n\r\n2) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins where in I have deceived my soul and from those sins in which I regarded myself low and from those sins due to which I was eligible for your punishment and from those sins in which my desires conquered my heart and from those sins in which I preferred the carnal desires of my heart۔ Woe be unto me Oh my Lord! I consider you weak but you did not prevent me (with force) from my (bad) deeds and inspite of being unhappy with my actions, you forbeared it where as you were already aware of my nature۔ Oh my Lord! You did not force me in my actions and in this way did not do injustice to me۔ I seek your forgiveness from this sins and from all types of sins۔\r\n\r\n3) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins whose forgiveness I have asked from you and from those sins upon which I hastened myself۔ Thus I am ashamed of you regarding those sins which I have committed while being afraid of your chastisement but continued and pursued it again۔\r\n\r\n4) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which you have written for me due to those good deeds which I determined to perform for your sake only but could not remain sincere in my intention and performed those deeds in which my intention was not purely for you but it was for others also and from those actions which made it necessary for me to change my intention other than you and most of my actions were similar to it۔\r\n\r\n5) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins regarding which pledge had been taken from me by you that I would not commit them and from those promises which I had done to you and the covenant which I had with you (but could not fulfill it) and the responsibility of one of your servants which I made incumbent upon me for your sake (but could not discharge those duties) ۔Thereafter I violated (broke) my pledge without any excuse and my pride and egotism also kept me away from fulfilling it (my promise)۔\r\n\r\n6) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins at the time of committing which I was afraid of your servants and other than you and was ashamed of your creatures but later continued it again( without fearing you)۔\r\n\r\n7) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which I have committed after having certainty that you would rebuke me for it۔\r\n\r\n8) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins in which desires of my heart overcame your obedience and I preferred my likeliness to your orders۔ I preferred the satisfaction of my soul to your order and satiated my self with your anger where as you had already asked me to keep away from it and before I could commit those sins, you left no room for my justification (excuse) by warning me in advance of its impending (possible) chastisement۔\r\n\r\n9) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which I was aware of and from those sins which I was unaware of and from those sins which I committed by mistake and from those sins which I committed intentionally or unintentionally in spite of knowing that you would ask me regarding those sins and that I would be questioned by you۔\r\n\r\n10) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins with regards to which I would be accounted for in front of you and regarding which I had certainty that you were watching me but I became negligent that I would be returning to you and concerning which I forgot to seek your repentance and your forgiveness۔\r\n\r\n11) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins regarding which I hoped positively about you that you would not punish me for it and that you would save me from its punishment۔\r\n\r\n12) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins due to which I was deprived of the blessing of praying and my requests were not granted and my prayers were not answered and due to which I became disappointed of my wishes (that my wishes would not be granted by you)۔\r\n\r\n13) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which became the cause of my regret and sorrow and which shortened my sustenance and because of which my prayers were not answered۔\r\n\r\n14) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which gave rise to my illness and disability and is the cause of my punishment and hardships (adversity) and which finally resulted in my regret and repentance۔\r\n\r\n15) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which I praised with my tongue and from those sins towards which my soul was attracted and from those sins which I committed though it was disliked by you and early,you had punished for those sins which were similar to it۔\r\n\r\n16) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which I have committed in day and night in loneliness in such a way that no one could see me from your creatures۔ Thereafter I left it out of your fear but later I inclined towards it since I was optimistic regarding you that you would not punish me (for it)۔ In this way my soul was deceived and I disobeyed you though I was fully aware of it ۔\r\n\r\n17) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which I took lightly and considered it small and from those sins in which I was involved though I was knowing how severe it was!۔\r\n\r\n18) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins in which I helped one of your servants and from those sins which I beautify in front of my self and from those sins which I introduced to others or made others aware of it and from those sins which I continued after being fully aware of it۔\r\n\r\n19) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which I committed after creating some excuses for it and from those actions through which I disobeyed you and from those actions through which I sought your nearness but was not sincere in my actions۔ Apparently it appeared that my actions were only for your sake but in fact I was disobedient to you and my desires (wishes) in it were not according to your obedience۔\r\n\r\n20) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which you have written for me due to my egotism, ostentation, show off, ostentation in worship, pride, useless mirth (joy, happiness), envy, being rebellious in front of truth, thanklessness, jealousy, greediness, anger, miserliness, oppression, treachery, theft, lie, useless work, sports and play (games), and similarly other sins and the result of which was the cause of my destruction and annihilations۔\r\n\r\n21) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which was already there in your knowledge that I would commit it۔ Then I committed it out of my own desires and acted upon and proceeded in it intentionally and was involved in it with my own wish, lust and desires۔ I committed those sins with my own wish but you did not prevent me from it (by force) and in this way you have not done any type of injustice to me۔ Hence I seek your forgiveness till the end of my life from these sins and from all those sins which your knowledge encompasses۔\r\n\r\n22) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins in which I preferred my anger to your happiness where as my soul was inclined to your satisfaction (wishes) but I turned against your wishes and from those sins with respect to which I was afraid of other than you۔ I bear enmity with your friends and befriended your enemies and gave them preference over your best servants and from those sins in committing which I ignored your satisfaction, Oh the most merciful!\r\n\r\n23) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins whose forgiveness I had asked from you but later I continued it again۔\r\n\r\n24) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those promises which I had done to you but could not fulfill it afterwards۔\r\n\r\n25) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those bounties that you had bestowed on me but I used it in your disobedience۔\r\n\r\n26) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those good works regarding which I had decided that I would do it for your satisfaction but later, I was not sincere in my intention۔\r\n\r\n27) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those actions which were not prohibited apparently but was forbidden according to you۔\r\n\r\n28) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from all those sins which are not known to anybody except you and nobody is aware of it except you, and no one can bear it except your forbearance and there is no rescue from it other than your forgiveness۔\r\n\r\n29) Oh my Lord! I truly seek your forgiveness from some of the needs of your servant which were incumbent upon me (but I could not fulfill it) and I did not have courage to seek his pardon for it and if he is present in front of me, I feel ashamed to ask him that he forgive me where as you have the power to make him please (happy) with me, Oh the most merciful and the most forgiving!\r\n\r\n30) Oh my Lord! It is true that my seeking forgiveness from you with persistence is my baseness (ignobility) and the abandonment of seeking your forgiveness inspite of having recognition of your bountless mercy is my inability (helplessness)۔ Oh my Lord! How many times you have showed your affection to me though you are needless of me and how many times I rebelled against you where as I was in need of your mercy۔ Oh the one who has promised me (of forgiveness), fulfill your promise۔ Woe be to one who turned rebellious to you but you forgave him۔ Please forgive my lapses۔ Forgive me and have mercy on me Oh the most merciful!"
}