{
    "content": "The Supplication for Security:\r\n\r\nAl-Kaf’ami, in his book of al-Misbah,  has mentioned a supplicatory prayer about which he has said that Sayyid Ibn Tawus considered it to achieve security against the ruling authorities, ordeals, overcoming of the enemies, fear of poverty, and downheartedness. It is one of the supplications of al-Sahifah al-Sajjadiyyah. Whenever you fear something harmful, you are highly recommended to say this supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--يَا مَنْ تُحَلُّ بِهِ عُقَدُ الْمَكَارِهِ وَ يَا مَنْ يُفْثَاُ بِهِ حَدُّ الشَّدَاۤئِدِ وَ يَا مَنْ يُلْتَمَسُ مِنْهُ المَخْرَجُ اِلٰى رَوْحِ الْفَرَجِ ذَلَّتْ لِقُدْرَتِكَ الصِّعَابُ وَ تَسَبَّبَتْ بِلُطْفِكَ الْاَسْبَابُ وَ جَرٰى بِقُدْرَتِكَ الْقَضَاۤءُ وَ مَضَتْ عَلٰۤى اِرَادَتِكَ الْاَشْيَاۤءُ فَهِيَ بِمَشِيَّتِكَ دُوْنَ قَوْلِكَ مُؤْتَمِرَةٌ وَ بِاِرَادَتِكَ دُوْنَ نَهْيِكَ مُنْزَجِرَةٌ اَنْتَ الْمَدْعُوُّ لِلْمُهِمَّاتِ وَ اَنْتَ الْمَفْزَعُ فِيْ الْمُلِمَّاتِ لَا يَنْدَفِعُ مِنْهَاۤ اِلَّا مَا دَفَعْتَ وَ لَا يَنْكَشِفُ مِنْهَاۤ اِلَّا مَا كَشَفْتَ وَ قَدْ نَزَلَ بِيْ يَا رَبِّ مَا قَدْ تَكَاَّدَنِيْ ثِقْلُهُ وَ اَلَمَّ بِيْ مَا قَدْ بَهَظَنِيْ حَمْلُهُ وَ بِقُدْرَتِكَ اَوْرَدْتَهُ عَلَيَّ وَ بِسُلْطَانِكَ وَجَّهْتَهُ اِلَيَّ فَلَا مُصْدِرَ لِمَاۤ اَوْرَدْتَ وَ لَا صَارِفَ لِمَا وَجَّهْتَ وَ لَا فَاتِحَ لِمَاۤ اَغْلَقْتَ وَ لَا مُغْلِقَ لِمَا فَتَحْتَ وَ لَا مُيَسِّرَ لِمَا عَسَّرْتَ وَ لَا نَاصِرَ لِمَنْ خَذَلْتَ فَصَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ افْتَحْ لِيْ يَا رَبِّ بَابَ الْفَرَجِ بِطَوْلِكَ، وَ اكْسِرْ عَنِّيْ سُلْطَانَ الْهَمِّ بِحَوْلِكَ وَ اَنِلْنِيْ حُسْنَ النَّظَرِ فِيْمَا شَكَوْتُ وَ اَذِقْنِيْ حَلَاوَةَ الصُّنْعِ فِيْمَا سَاَلْتُ وَ هَبْ لِيْ مِنْ لَدُنْكَ رَحْمَةً وَ فَرَجًا هَنِيْۤئًا وَ اجْعَلْ لِيْ مِنْ عِنْدِكَ مَخْرَجًا وَحِيًّا وَ لَا تَشْغَلْنِيْ بِالْاِهْتِمَامِ عَنْ تَعَاهُدِ فُرُوْضِكَ وَ اسْتِعْمَالِ سُنَنِكَ [سُنَّتِكَ‏] فَقَدْ ضِقْتُ لِمَا نَزَلَ بِيْ يَا رَبِّ ذَرْعًا وَ امْتَلَأْتُ بِحَمْلِ مَا حَدَثَ عَلَيَّ هَمًّا وَ اَنْتَ الْقَادِرُ عَلٰى كَشْفِ مَا مُنِيْتُ بِهِ وَ دَفْعِ مَا وَقَعْتُ فِيْهِ فَافْعَلْ بِيْ ذٰلِكَ وَ اِنْ لَمْ اَسْتَوْجِبْهُ مِنْكَ يَا ذَا الْعَرْشِ الْعَظِيْمِ وَ ذَا الْمَنِّ الْكَرِيْمِ فَاَنْتَ قَادِرٌ يَاۤ اَرْحَمَ الرَّاحِمِيْنَ اٰمِيْنَ رَبَّ الْعَالَمِيْنَ‏۔", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The Supplication for Security:\r\n\r\nAl-Kaf’ami, in his book of al-Misbah,7 has mentioned a supplicatory prayer about which he has said that Sayyid Ibn Tawus considered it to achieve security against the ruling authorities, ordeals, overcoming of the enemies, fear of poverty, and downheartedness. It is one of the supplications of al-Sahifah al-Sajjadiyyah. Whenever you fear something harmful, you are highly recommended to say this supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO He through whom the knots of detested things are untied! O He through whom the cutting edge of hardships is blunted! O He, from whom is begged the outlet to the freshness of relief! Intractable affairs yield to Your power, means are made ready by Your gentleness, the decree goes into effect through Your power, and all things proceed according to Your desire. By Your desire they follow Your command without Your word and by Your will they obey Your bans without Your prohibition. You are the supplicated in worries and the place of flight in misfortunes; none of them is repelled unless You repel, none is removed unless You remove. Upon me has come down, My Lord, something whose weight burdens me and upon me has fallen something whose carrying oppresses me. Through Your power You have brought it down upon me and through Your authority You have turned it toward me. None can send away what You have brought, none can deflect what You have turned, none can open what You have closed, none can close what You have opened, none can make easy what You have made difficult, none can help him whom You have abandoned. So bless Muhammad and his Household, open for me, my Lord, the door of relief through Your graciousness, break from me the authority of worry by Your strength, confer the beauty of Your gaze upon my complaint, let me taste the sweetness of benefaction in what I ask, give me from Thyself mercy and wholesome relief, and appoint for me from Yourself a quick way out! Distract me not through worry from observing Your obligations and acting in accordance with Your prescriptions. My capacity has been straitened, my Lord, by what has come down on me, and I am filled with worry by carrying what has happened to me, while You have power to remove what has afflicted me and to repel that into which I have fallen. So do that for me though I merit it not from You, O Possessor of the Mighty Throne! And the Lord of the Generous Grace, for You verily have all power. O most Merciful of all those who show mercy. Respond to me, O Lord of the worlds. "
}