{
    "content": "It is narrated that Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’, peace be upon her, used to offer a two-unit prayer taught by Archangel Gabriel. In the first unit, she used to recite Surah al-Faatehah and repeat Surah al-Qadr one hundred times. In the second unit, she used to recite Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Tawheed. After Taslim (i.e. the concluding part of a prayer), she would say the following litany:\r\n\r\n--سُبْحَانَ ذِي الْعِزِّ الشَّامِخِ الْمُنِيْفِ سُبْحَانَ ذِي الْجَلَالِ الْبَاذِخِ الْعَظِيْمِ سُبْحَانَ ذِي الْمُلْكِ الْفَاخِرِ الْقَدِيْمِ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ لَبِسَ الْبَهْجَةَ وَ الْجَمَالَ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ تَرَدَّى بِالنُّوْرِ وَ الْوَقَارِ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ يَرٰى اَثَرَ النَّمْلِ فِي الصَّفَا سُبْحَانَ مَنْ يَرٰى وَقْعَ الطَّيْرِ فِي الْهَوَاۤءِ سُبْحَانَ مَنْ هُوَ هٰكَذَا لَا هٰكَذَا غَيْرُهُ۔--Sayyid Ibn Tawus adds that it is better to say the famous Tasbih al-Zahra’ after offering this prayer and then invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household.\r\n\r\nHowever, in Misbah al-Mutahajjid, Shaykh al-Tusi has recorded that Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’s prayer consists of two units in the first of which Surah al-Faatehah is recited once and Surah al-Qadr is repeated one hundred times; and in the second unit, Surah al-Faatehah is recited once and Surah al-Tawheed is repeated one hundred times. After the Taslim, Tasbih al-Zahra’ is said and then one’s knees and arms are uncovered so as to embrace the ground with all organs of prostration without putting any barrier between the ground and the organs of prostration. Such being the case, one should supplicate to Almighty Allah and pray for granting one’s requests. Being prostrating oneself, one should say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--يَا مَنْ لَيْسَ غَيْرَهُ رَبٌّ يُدْعٰى يَا مَنْ لَيْسَ فَوْقَهُ اِلٰهٌ يُخْشٰى يَا مَنْ لَيْسَ دُوْنَهُ مَلِكٌ يُتَّقٰى يَا مَنْ لَيْسَ لَهُ وَزِيْرٌ يُّؤْتٰى يَا مَنْ لَيْسَ لَهُ حَاجِبٌ يُرْشٰى يَا مَنْ لَيْسَ لَهُ بَوَّابٌ يُغْشٰى يَا مَنْ لَا يَزْدَادُ عَلٰى كَثْرَةِ السُّؤَالِ اِلَّا كَرَمًا وَ جُوْدًا وَ عَلٰى كَثْرَةِ الذُّنُوْبِ اِلَّا عَفْوًا وَ صَفْحًا صَلِّ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِ مُحَمَّدٍ۔--And then one may mention one’s personal requests.\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\nLADY FATIMAH AL-ZAHRA'S ANOTHER PRAYER\r\n\r\nShaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus have reported on the authority of Safwan that Muhammad ibn Ali al-Halabi, once, visited Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq(a.s.) one Friday and asked him to teach him the best deed to be practiced on Fridays. The Imam (a.s.) said: Listen, Muhammad! I do not know anyone who was more beloved and more respected than Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’, peace be upon her, in the view of the Holy Prophet, peace be upon him and his Household. Likewise, I do not know anything that was more valuable than that which he had taught her to do on Fridays. In Friday morning, one should bathe oneself, stand upright, and offer a four-unit prayer each two alone. In the first unit, recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Tawheed fifty times. In the second, recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-’Adiyat (No. 100) fifty times. In the third, recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Zalzalah (No. 99) fifty times. In the fourth, recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Nasr (No. 110) fifty times. This Surah was the concluding revelation. Upon accomplishment of the prayer, pray Almighty Allah with the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--اِلٰهِيْ وَ سَيِّدِيْ مَنْ تَهَيَّاَ اَوْ تَعَبّٰى اَوْ اَعَدَّ اَوِ اسْتَعَدَّ لِوِفَادَةِ مَخْلُوْقٍ رَجَاۤءَ رِفْدِهِ وَ فَوَاۤئِدِهِ وَ نَاۤئِلِهِ وَ فَوَاضِلِهِ وَ جَوَاۤئِزِهِ فَاِلَيْكَ يَاۤ اِلٰهِيْ كَانَتْ تَهْيِئَتِيْ وَ تَعْبِئَتِيْ وَ اِعْدَادِيْ وَ اسْتِعْدَادِيْ رَجَاۤءَ فَوَاۤئِدِكَ وَ مَعْرُوْفِكَ وَ نَاۤئِلِكَ وَ جَوَاۤئِزِكَ فَلَا تُخَيِّبْنِيْ مِنْ ذٰلِكَ يَا مَنْ لَّا تَخِيْبُ عَلَيْهِ مَسْاَلَةُ السَّاۤئِلِ وَ لَا تَنْقُصُهُ عَطِيَّةُ نَاۤئِلٍ فَاِنِّيْ لَمْ اٰتِكَ بِعَمَلٍ صَالِحٍ قَدَّمْتُهُ وَ لَا شَفَاعَةِ مَخْلُوْقٍ رَجَوْتُهُ اَتَقَرَّبُ اِلَيْكَ بِشَفَاعَتِهِ اِلَّا مُحَمَّدًا وَ اَهْلِ بَيْتِهِ صَلَوَاتُكَ عَلَيْهِ وَ عَلَيْهِمْ، اَتَيْتُكَ اَرْجُوْ عَظِيْمَ عَفْوِكَ الَّذِيْ عُدْتَ بِهِ عَلَى الْخَطَّاۤئِيْنَ عِنْدَ عُكُوْفِهِمْ عَلَى الْمَحَارِمِ فَلَمْ يَمْنَعْكَ طُوْلُ عُكُوْفِهِمْ عَلَى الْمَحَارِمِ اَنْ جُدْتَ عَلَيْهِمْ بِالْمَغْفِرَةِ وَ اَنْتَ سَيِّدِي الْعَوَّادُ بِالنَّعْمَاۤءِ وَ اَنَا الْعَوَّادُ بِالْخَطَاۤءِ اَسْاَلُكَ بِحَقِّ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ الطَّاهِرِيْنَ اَنْ تَغْفِرَ لِيْ ذَنْبِيَ الْعَظِيْمَ فَاِنَّهُ لَا يَغْفِرُ الْعَظِيْمَ اِلَّا الْعَظِيْمُ يَا عَظِيْمُ يَا عَظِيْمُ يَا عَظِيْمُ يَا عَظِيْمُ۔--In his book of Jamal al-Usbu’, Sayyid Ibn Tawus has recorded a special prayer and supplication for each of the holy Imams. Hereinafter, let us mention these prayers and supplication:", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "It is narrated that Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’, peace be upon her, used to offer a two-unit prayer taught by Archangel Gabriel. In the first unit, she used to recite Surah al-Faatehah and repeat Surah al-Qadr one hundred times. In the second unit, she used to recite Surah al-Faatehah and Surah al-Tawheed. After Taslim (i.e. the concluding part of a prayer), she would say the following litany:\r\n\r\nGlory be to the Lord of Honor and Sublime Authority. Glory be to the Lord of Majesty and Exalted Greatness. Glory be to the Lord of eternal, splendid sovereignty. Glory be to Him Who dressed Himself with splendor and beauty. Glory be to Him Who is clad in light and dignity. Glory be to Him Who makes out the footprints of the ant on the stone. Glory be to Him Who knows (the exact time and place of) the bird dipping down through the air. Glory be to Him Who is like this and no one (other than Him) is like this. \r\n\r\nSayyid Ibn Tawus adds that it is better to say the famous Tasbih al-Zahra’ after offering this prayer and then invoke Almighty Allah’s blessings upon the Holy Prophet and his Household.\r\n\r\nHowever, in Misbah al-Mutahajjid, Shaykh al-Tusi has recorded that Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’s prayer consists of two units in the first of which Surah al-Faatehah is recited once and Surah al-Qadr is repeated one hundred times; and in the second unit, Surah al-Faatehah is recited once and Surah al-Tawheed is repeated one hundred times. After the Taslim, Tasbih al-Zahra’ is said and then one’s knees and arms are uncovered so as to embrace the ground with all organs of prostration without putting any barrier between the ground and the organs of prostration. Such being the case, one should supplicate to Almighty Allah and pray for granting one’s requests. Being prostrating oneself, one should say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO He besides Whom there is no lord to be supplicated! O He above Whom there is no god to be feared! O He except Whom there is no master to be revered! O He Who has no counselor to be approached! O He Who has no attendant to be bribed! O He Who has no doorkeeper to be visited (secretly)! O He Who gives not but generously and liberally no matter how many the demands are and deals not with numerous sins but mercifully and kindly! Send blessings upon Muhammad and his Household... \r\n\r\nAnd then one may mention one’s personal requests.\r\n\r\nLADY FATIMAH AL-ZAHRA'S ANOTHER PRAYER\r\n\r\nShaykh al-Tusi and Sayyid Ibn Tawus have reported on the authority of Safwan that Muhammad ibn Ali al-Halabi, once, visited Imam Ja’far al-Sadiq (a.s.) one Friday and asked him to teach him the best deed to be practiced on Fridays. The Imam (a.s.) said: Listen, Muhammad! I do not know anyone who was more beloved and more respected than Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’, peace be upon her, in the view of the Holy Prophet, peace be upon him and his Household. Likewise, I do not know anything that was more valuable than that which he had taught her to do on Fridays. In Friday morning, one should bathe oneself, stand upright, and offer a four-unit prayer each two alone. In the first unit, recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Tawheed fifty times. In the second, recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-’Adiyat (No. 100) fifty times. In the third, recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Zalzalah (No. 99) fifty times. In the fourth, recite Surah al-Faatehah once and repeat Surah al-Nasr (No. 110) fifty times. This Surah was the concluding revelation. Upon accomplishment of the prayer, pray Almighty Allah with the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nO My God and Master, whilst one prepares oneself, sets up, arranges, or gets ready for visiting a mortal in the hope of attaining a gift, interests, a souvenir, bequests, or presents from him, to You, O my God, have I prepared myself, set up, arranged and got ready in the hope of attaining Your interests, favors, souvenirs, and presents. Hence, (please) do not disappoint me of all these. O You with Whom no asker is disappointed and no present of an earner causes You reduction. In fact, I have not come to You with a righteous deed that I have done nor with an intercession of a creature that I hope to seek Your nearness through him save Muhammad and his Household, Your blessings be upon him and them. I am coming to You hoping for Your munificent amnesty that You have conferred upon the sinners who confined themselves to the commitment to forbidden acts; nevertheless, their long-lasting commitment to forbidden acts has not made You stop conferring upon them with Your forgiveness. You, O my Master, always confer upon me with Your graces while I always recommit sins. I thus ask You by the Right of Muhammad and his Household, the Immaculate, to forgive my grand sins, for none forgives the grand sins but the All¬great. O All-great, O All¬great, O All-great, O All-great, O All¬great, O All-great, \r\n\r\nIn his book of Jamal al-Usbu’, Sayyid Ibn Tawus has recorded a special prayer and supplication for each of the holy Imams. Hereinafter, let us mention these prayers and supplication:"
}