{
    "content": "IMAM ALI'S WHISPERED PRAYER\r\n\r\n(MUNAJAT MANZOOM)\r\n\r\nThis whispered prayer is quoted from al-Sahifah al-Alawiyyah.\r\n\r\n--بِسْمِ اللّٰهِ الرَّحْمٰنِ الرَّحِيْمِ لَكَ الْحَمْدُ يَا ذَا الْجُوْدِ وَ الْمَجْدِ وَ الْعُلٰى تَبَارَكْتَ تُعْطِيْ مَنْ تَشَاۤءُ وَ تَمْنَعُ اِلٰهِيْ وَ خَلَّاقِيْ وَ حِرْزِيْ وَ مَوْئِلِيْ اِلَيْكَ لَدَى الْاِعْسَارِ وَ الْيُسْرِ اَفْزَعُ اِلٰهِيْ لَئِنْ جَلَّتْ وَ جَمَّتْ خَطِيْۤئَتِيْ فَعَفْوُكَ عَنْ ذَنْبِيْۤ اَجَلُّ وَ اَوْسَعُ اِلٰهِيْ لَئِنْ اَعْطَيْتُ نَفْسِيَ سُؤْلَهَا فَهَاۤ اَنَا فِيْ رَوْضِ النَّدَامَةِ اَرْتَعُ اِلٰهِيْ تَرٰى حَالِيْ وَ فَقْرِيْ وَ فَاقَتِيْ وَ اَنْتَ مُنَاجَاتِي الْخَفِيَّةَ تَسْمَعُ اِلٰهِيْ فَلَا تَقْطَعْ رَجَاۤئِيْ وَ لَا تُزِغْ فُؤَادِيْ فَلِيْ فِيْ سَيْبِ جُوْدِكَ مَطْمَعٌ اِلٰهِيْ لَئِنْ خَيَّبْتَنِيْۤ اَوْ طَرَدْتَنِيْ فَمَنْ ذَا الَّذِيْۤ اَرْجُوْ وَ مَنْ ذَا اُشَفِّعُ اِلٰهِيْۤ اَجِرْنِيْ مِنْ عَذَابِكَ اِنَّنِيْۤ اَسِيْرٌ ذَلِيْلٌ خَاۤئِفٌ لَكَ اَخْضَعُ اِلٰهِيْ فَاٰنِسْنِيْ بِتَلْقِيْنِ حُجَّتِيْۤ اِذَا كَانَ لِيْ فِيْ الْقَبْرِ مَثْوًى وَ مَضْجَعٌ اِلٰهِيْ لَئِنْ عَذَّبْتَنِيْۤ اَلْفَ حِجَّةٍ فَحَبْلُ رَجَاۤئِيْ مِنْكَ لَا يَتَقَطَّعُ اِلٰهِيْۤ اَذِقْنِيْ طَعْمَ عَفْوِكَ يَوْمَ لَا بَنُوْنَ وَ لَا مَالٌ هُنَالِكَ يَنْفَعُ اِلٰهِيْ لَئِنْ لَمْ تَرْعَنِيْ كُنْتُ ضَاۤئِعًا وَ اِنْ كُنْتَ تَرْعَانِيْ فَلَسْتُ اُضَيَّعُ اِلٰهِيْۤ اِذَا لَمْ تَعْفُ عَنْ غَيْرِ مُحْسِنٍ فَمَنْ لِمُسِيْۤ‏ءٍ بِالْهَوٰى يَتَمَتَّعُ اِلٰهِيْ لَئِنْ فَرَّطْتُ فِيْ طَلَبِ التُّقٰى فَهَاۤ اَنَا اِثْرَ الْعَفْوِ اَقْفُوْ وَ اَتْبَعُ اِلٰهِيْ لَئِنْ اَخْطَأْتُ جَهْلًا فَطَالَمَا رَجَوْتُكَ حَتّٰى قِيْلَ مَا هُوَ يَجْزَعُ اِلٰهِيْ ذُنُوْبِيْ بَذَّتِ الطَّوْدَ وَ اعْتَلَتْ وَ صَفْحُكَ عَنْ ذَنْبِيْۤ اَجَلُّ وَ اَرْفَعُ اِلٰهِيْ يُنَجِّي ذِكْرُ طَوْلِكَ لَوْعَتِيْ وَ ذِكْرُ الْخَطَايَا الْعَيْنَ مِنِّيْ يُدَمِّعُ اِلٰهِيْۤ اَقِلْنِيْ عَثْرَتِيْ وَ امْحُ حَوْبَتِيْ فَاِنِّيْ مُقِرٌّ خَاۤئِفٌ مُتَضَرِّعٌ اِلٰهِيْۤ اَنِلْنِيْ مِنْكَ رَوْحًا وَ رَاحَةً فَلَسْتُ سِوٰۤى اَبْوَابِ فَضْلِكَ اَقْرَعُ اِلٰهِيْ لَئِنْ اَقْصَيْتَنِيْۤ اَوْ اَهَنْتَنِيْ فَمَا حِيْلَتِيْ يَا رَبِّ اَمْ كَيْفَ اَصْنَعُ اِلٰهِيْ حَلِيْفُ الْحُبِّ فِي اللَّيْلِ سَاهِرٌ يُنَاجِيْ وَ يَدْعُوْ وَ الْمُغَفَّلُ يَهْجَعُ اِلٰهِيْ وَ هٰذَا الْخَلْقُ مَا بَيْنَ نَاۤئِمٍ وَ مُنْتَبِهٍ فِيْ لَيْلِهِ يَتَضَرَّعُ وَ كُلُّهُمْ يَرْجُوْ نَوَالَكَ رَاجِيًا لِرَحْمَتِكَ الْعُظْمٰى وَ فِيْ الْخُلْدِ يَطْمَعُ اِلٰهِيْ يُمَنِّيْنِيْ رَجَاۤئِيْ سَلَامَةً وَ قُبْحُ خَطِيْۤئَاتِيْ عَلَيَّ يُشَنِّعُ اِلٰهِيْ فَاِنْ تَعْفُوْ فَعَفْوُكَ مُنْقِذِيْ وَ اِلَّا فَبِالذَّنْبِ الْمُدَمِّرِ اُصْرَعُ اِلٰهِيْ بِحَقِّ الْهَاشِمِيِّ مُحَمَّدٍ وَ حُرْمَةِ اَطْهَارٍ هُمُ لَكَ خُضَّعٌ اِلٰهِيْ بِحَقِّ الْمُصْطَفٰى وَ ابْنِ عَمِّهِ وَ حُرْمَةِ اَبْرَارٍ هُمُ لَكَ خُشَّعٌ اِلٰهِيْ فَاَنْشِرْنِيْ عَلٰى دِيْنِ اَحْمَدٍ مُنِيْبًا تَقِيًّا قَانِتًا لَكَ اَخْضَعُ وَ لا تَحْرِمَنِّيْ يَاۤ اِلٰهِيْ وَ سَيِّدِيْ شَفَاعَتَهُ الْكُبْرٰى فَذَاكَ الْمُشَفَّعُ وَ صَلِّ عَلَيْهِمْ مَا دَعَاكَ مُوَحِّدٌ وَ نَاجَاكَ اَخْيَارٌ بِبَابِكَ رُكَّعٌ--In the same book (al-Sahifah al-Alawiyyah), there is another poetic whispered prayer beginning with ya sami’a aldDua (O Hearer of prayers). Yet, I have skipped it, because it contains difficult, strange phrases, and also because I aim at briefing.\r\n\r\nTHREE MAGNIFICENT SUPPLICATORY WORDS\r\n\r\nThese words are reported to have been said by our master, Imam Ali ibn Abi-Talib(a.s.) in the form of whispered prayer (Munajat):\r\n\r\n--اِلٰهِيْ كَفٰى بِيْ عِزًّا اَنْ اَكُوْنَ لَكَ عَبْدًا وَ كَفٰى بِيْ فَخْرًا اَنْ تَكُوْنَ لِيْ رَبًّا اَنْتَ كَمَاۤ اُحِبُّ فَاجْعَلْنِيْ كَمَا تُحِبُّ", 
    "audio": "http://www.ya-mahdi.net/apps_audio/manzoomeh.mp3", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "IMAM ALI'S WHISPERED PRAYER\r\n\r\n(MUNAJAT MANZOOM)\r\n\r\nThis whispered prayer is quoted from al-Sahifah al-Alawiyyah.\r\n\r\nIn the Name of Allah, the All-beneficent the All-merciful. To You be all praise; O Lord of magnanimity, glory, and elevation! Blessed be You; You favor or ban whomever You wish. O my God, my Creator, my Shelter, and my Refuge! To You do I resort in hardships and in joys. O my God, even if my sin is too grave and too big, Your pardoning my sin is still greater and vaster. O my God, because I have allowed my soul to do whatever it liked, here I am now turning over and over on the land of remorse. O my God, You can see my manner, my neediness, and my poverty, so can You hear my inaudible prayers to You. O my God, then (please) do not disappoint me and do not cause my heart to turn away, for I long for Your vast magnanimity. O my God, if You disappoint me or throw me out, then for whom will I hope and whose intercession will I seek before You? O my God, please redeem me from Your torture, for I am imprisoned, humble, and to You do I submit. O my God, delight me by helping me submit my argument, when I shall be lodged in my grave. O my God, if You chastise me for one thousand years, the rope of my hope • for You shall nonetheless be cut off. O my God, please make me taste the flavor of Your pardon on that Day when neither one’s sons nor property shall promote. O my God, if You do not guard me, I shall certainly be lost, but if You guard me, I shall never be lost. O my God, if You forgive none but the doer of good deeds, then who shall care for the wrongdoers who plunge in their fancies? O my God, if I have been negligent in the seeking of piety, here I am now tracking the traces of Your pardon. O my God, if I have been wrong out of ignorance, I have begged You so much that it was said that I would never feel tired. O my God, although my sins have been higher than mountains, Your pardon is still higher and more elevated. O my God, as I remember Your power, my agonies are abated, and as I remember my sins, my eyes shed tears. O my God, please overlook my slips and erase my wrongdoing, for I confess of them fearfully and hopefully. O my God, grant me rest and relax from You, for I knock no door save the doors of Your favor. O my God, if You expel me or insult me, which method shall I then take and what shall I do? O my God, the true lover (of You) is staying up at night, calling at You and praying to You, while the unmindful is asleep! O my God, these beings are either sleeping or vigilant at night, beseeching You. Yet, all are hoping for Your rewards, wishing for Your Grandest Mercy, and desiring for Eternity. O my God, my hope for You makes me feel safe, but the vice of my wrongdoings is reproaching me. O my God, if you pardon me, then You shall have saved me; otherwise, I will be the prey of my offensive sins. O my God, (I beseech You) in the name of Muhammad, the Hashemite and in the name of the sanctity of those Pure Ones who always submit to You. O my God, (I beseech You) in the name of the Chosen Prophet, his cousin, and the sanctity of the Pious Ones who are fearful of You. O my God, guide me to keep following the religion of Ahmad with full submission, piety, obedience, and surrender to You. Please, deprive me not, O my God and Master, of his (i.e. Muhammad) great intercession, for he is the true interceder. Please, send blessings to them as long as one believing in Your Oneness prays to You and as long as pious people, kneeling down at Your door, implore You. \r\n\r\nIn the same book (al-Sahifah al-Alawiyyah), there is another poetic whispered prayer beginning with ya sami’a aldDua (O Hearer of prayers). Yet, I have skipped it, because it contains difficult, strange phrases, and also because I aim at briefing.\r\n\r\nTHREE MAGNIFICENT SUPPLICATORY WORDS\r\n\r\nThese words are reported to have been said by our master, Imam Ali ibn Abi-Talib (a.s.) in the form of whispered prayer (Munajat):\r\n\r\nO my God, to be a servant of You is the ultimate of my honor and Your being my Lord is the ultimate of my pride. As You are as exactly as I love, please make me as exactly as You love. "
}