{
    "content": "On the twenty-eight of Safar, AH 11, the Holy Prophet Muhammad, the Seal of the Prophets, departed life. As is unanimously agreed, it was Monday. The Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) was sixty-three years old when he departed life. At the age of forty, he was commissioned, by Almighty Allah, to convey the Divine Mission; and Archangel Gabriel began conveying to him the commandments of Almighty Allah and the Divine Revelation. At Makkah, he invited people to follow the religion of monotheism for thirteen years. He then immigrated to al-Madinah at the age of fifty-three. He departed life in the tenth year after his immigration (Hegira). Hence, Imam AliAmeer al-Momineen(a.s.) did the funeral rituals and then offered the ritual Prayer of the Dead for his soul. The companions, in groups, then would come near him to offer prayers individually without having any imam to lead them in prayer. Imam Ali(a.s.) buried him in the holy room where he - may Allah send peace and blessings upon him and his Household - departed life.\r\n\r\nIt has been narrated that Anas ibn Malik said, “As soon as we accomplished the ceremonies of burying the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), Lady Fatimah (a.s.) came to me and said, ‘How could you be bold enough to pile up soil on the face of the Messenger of Allah?’ She then wept and shouted, ‘Oh for my father whose prayers were responded by the Lord! Oh for my father; how nigh he is from his Lord!’etc.”\r\n\r\nAccording to a considerable narration, Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’(a.s.) took a handful of the soil of the Holy Prophet’s tomb, put it between her eyes, and said,\r\n\r\n--مَا ذَا عَلَى الْمُشْتَمِّ تُرْبَةَ اَحْمَدٍ اَنْ لَا يَشَمَّ مَدَى الزَّمَانِ غَوَالِيَا صُبَّتْ عَلَيَّ مَصَاۤئِبٌ لَوْ اَنَّهَا صُبَّتْ عَلَى الْاَيَّامِ صِرْنَ لَيَالِيَا--In his book of al-Durr al-Nazim, Shaykh Yusuf al-Shami has mentioned that Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’(a.s.) composed the following verses, elegizing her father (s.a.w.a.):\r\n\r\n--قُلْ لِلْمُغَيَّبِ تَحْتَ اَثْوَابِ الثَّرٰى اِنْ كُنْتَ تَسْمَعُ صَرْخَتِيْ وَ نِدَاۤئِيَا صُبَّتْ عَلَيَّ مَصَاۤئِبٌ لَوْ اَنَّهَا صُبَّتْ عَلَى الْاَيَّامِ صِرْنَ لَيَالِيَا قَدْ كُنْتُ ذَاتَ حِمًى بِظِلِّ مُحَمَّدٍ لَاۤ اَخْشَ مِنْ ضَيْمٍ وَ كَانَ حِمٰی لِيَا فَالْيَوْمَ اَخْضَعُ لِلذَّلِيْلِ وَ اَتَّقِيْ ضَيْمِيْ وَ اَدْفَعُ ظَالِمِيْ بِرِدَاۤئِيَا فَاِذَا بَكَتْ قُمْرِيَّةٌ فِيْ لَيْلِهَا شَجَنًا عَلٰى غُصْنٍ بَكَيْتُ صَبَاحِيَا فَلَاَجْعَلَنَّ الْحُزْنَ بَعْدَكَ مُوْنِسِيْ وَ لَاَجْعَلَنَّ الدَّمْعَ فِيْكَ وَشَاحِيَا", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "On the twenty-eight of Safar, AH 11, the Holy Prophet Muhammad, the Seal of the Prophets, departed life. As is unanimously agreed, it was Monday. The Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.) was sixty-three years old when he departed life. At the age of forty, he was commissioned, by Almighty Allah, to convey the Divine Mission; and Archangel Gabriel began conveying to him the commandments of Almighty Allah and the Divine Revelation. At Makkah, he invited people to follow the religion of monotheism for thirteen years. He then immigrated to al-Madinah at the age of fifty-three. He departed life in the tenth year after his immigration (Hegira). Hence, Imam Ali Ameer al-Momineen (a.s.) did the funeral rituals and then offered the ritual Prayer of the Dead for his soul. The companions, in groups, then would come near him to offer prayers individually without having any imam to lead them in prayer. Imam Ali (a.s.) buried him in the holy room where he - may Allah send peace and blessings upon him and his Household - departed life.\r\n\r\nIt has been narrated that Anas ibn Malik said, “As soon as we accomplished the ceremonies of burying the Holy Prophet (s.a.w.a.), Lady Fatimah (a.s.) came to me and said, ‘How could you be bold enough to pile up soil on the face of the Messenger of Allah?’ She then wept and shouted, ‘Oh for my father whose prayers were responded by the Lord! Oh for my father; how nigh he is from his Lord!’…etc.”\r\n\r\nAccording to a considerable narration, Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (a.s.) took a handful of the soil of the Holy Prophet’s tomb, put it between her eyes, and said,\r\n\r\nIndeed! If one who smells the soil of Ahmad’s tomb Shall never smell any perfume any more! If the misfortunes that have been poured on me Were poured on days, they should turn to black nights!\r\n\r\nIn his book of al-Durr al-Nazim, Shaykh Yusuf al-Shami has mentioned that Lady Fatimah al-Zahra’ (a.s.) composed the following verses, elegizing her father (s.a.w.a.):\r\n\r\nTell him who is concealed under the layers of soil: If you can hear my scream and my call If the misfortunes that have been poured on me Were poured on days, they should turn to black nights! Under the shadow of Muhammad, I used to be sheltered I did not anticipate any grievance since he was my haven But today I am made subservient to the lowly, suffering grievances, And I have to ward off the wrongdoer with my dress If a turtledove weeps on a branch in eves Out of grief, I will weep in morns I shall betake grief, after you, as my entertainment And I shall betake shedding tears, for you, as my sash"
}