{
    "content": "The twenty-seventh night of Rajab is the night on which Prophet Muhammad was given the mission of promulgating the religion. This highly blessed night is called laylat al-mab’ath, which stands for the beginning of the Holy Prophet’s Mission of promulgating the true religion of Almighty Allah. The recommended rites of this night are as follows:\r\n\r\nFirst: Shaykh al-Tusi, in his book of Misbah al-Mutahajjid, has quoted Imam Muhammad al-Jawad(a.s.) as saying, “There is a night in Rajab, which carries for people fortune that is more preferable than whatever is subjected to sunlight. It is the twenty-seventh night of Rajab. The next morning was the beginning of the Holy Prophet’s prophethood. Verily, one who does acts of worship at this night will have the reward of one who has worshipped Almighty Allah for sixty years.” When the Imam (a.s.) was asked about the rites to be done at this night, he answered, “After you offer the Isha’ Prayer and take a sleep, you will wake up at any hour before midnight. You may then offer a prayer of twelve units in each of which you may recite Surah al-Faatehah and any other lenient Surah from al-Mufassal, which begins with SurahMuhammad (No. 47) up to the end of the Holy Qur’an. You should separate each couple of units with Taslim. After accomplishing this prayer, you should recite Surahs al-Faatehah, al-Falaq, al-Nas, al-Tawheed, al-Kafirun, al-Qadr, and Ayah al-Kursi each seven times. After all this, you may say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\n--اَلْحَمْدُ لِلّٰهِ الَّذِيْ لَمْ يَتَّخِذْ وَلَدًا وَ لَمْ يَكُنْ لَهُ شَرِيْكٌ فِي الْمُلْكِ وَ لَمْ يَكُنْ لَهُ وَلِيٌّ مِنَ الذُّلِّ وَ كَبِّرْهُ تَكْبِيْرًا اَللّٰهُمَّ اِنِّي اَسْاَلُكَ بِمَعَاقِدِ عِزِّكَ عَلٰى اَرْكَانِ عَرْشِكَ وَ مُنْتَهَى الرَّحْمَةِ مِنْ كِتَابِكَ وَ بِاسْمِكَ الْاَعْظَمِ الْاَعْظَمِ الْاَعْظَمِ وَ ذِكْرِكَ الْاَعْلَى الْاَعْلَى الْاَعْلٰى وَ بِكَلِمَاتِكَ التَّامَّاتِ اَنْ تُصَلِّيَ عَلٰى مُحَمَّدٍ وَ اٰلِهِ وَ اَنْ تَفْعَلَ بِيْ مَا اَنْتَ اَهْلُهُ۔--You may then submit your desires.\r\n\r\nIt is also recommended to bathe oneself at this night. It is worth reminding that a prayer that is advisably offered at this night has been mentioned with the rites of the fifteenth night of Rajab.", 
    "audio": "", 
    "transliteration": "", 
    "english": "The twenty-seventh night of Rajab is the night on which Prophet Muhammad was given the mission of promulgating the religion. This highly blessed night is called laylat al-mab’ath, which stands for the beginning of the Holy Prophet’s Mission of promulgating the true religion of Almighty Allah. The recommended rites of this night are as follows:\r\n\r\nFirst: Shaykh al-Tusi, in his book of Misbah al-Mutahajjid, has quoted Imam Muhammad al-Jawad (a.s.) as saying, “There is a night in Rajab, which carries for people fortune that is more preferable than whatever is subjected to sunlight. It is the twenty-seventh night of Rajab. The next morning was the beginning of the Holy Prophet’s prophethood. Verily, one who does acts of worship at this night will have the reward of one who has worshipped Almighty Allah for sixty years.” When the Imam (a.s.) was asked about the rites to be done at this night, he answered, “After you offer the Isha’ Prayer and take a sleep, you will wake up at any hour before midnight. You may then offer a prayer of twelve units in each of which you may recite Surah al-Faatehah and any other lenient Surah from al-Mufassal, which begins with Surah Muhammad (No. 47) up to the end of the Holy Qur’an. You should separate each couple of units with Taslim. After accomplishing this prayer, you should recite Surahs al-Faatehah, al-Falaq, al-Nas, al-Tawheed, al-Kafirun, al-Qadr, and Ayah al-Kursi each seven times. After all this, you may say the following supplicatory prayer:\r\n\r\nAll praise be to Allah Who has not taken to Himself a son, Who has no partner in the Sovereignty nor has He any protecting friend through dependence. And magnify Him with all magnificence. O Allah, verily I beseech You in the name of the situations of Your Dignity on the pillars of Your Throne, in the name of Your utmost mercy in Your Book, in the name of Your Name—the Greatest, the Greatest, the Greatest, in the name of Your Mention—the Highest, the Highest, the Highest, and in the name of Your Words the perfect, to bless Muhammad and his Household and do to me that which befits You. \r\n\r\nYou may then submit your desires.\r\n\r\nIt is also recommended to bathe oneself at this night. It is worth reminding that a prayer that is advisably offered at this night has been mentioned with the rites of the fifteenth night of Rajab."
}